Maria would be a useful... Yeah. I suspect given the breakdown that they said, they probably have a rubric, which is about a 3rd of it. A 3rd of a weight on each is my suspected view of this, like, that you've made a lot of progress, that you have a plan of how to write it up. And that it could be a useful and impactful thing to fund this project versus another one. Sure. I guess as well, like in terms of summarizing the work in progress, I think that's quite fine because of just on the presentation and I'm thinking about that a lot with the report. But the main thing to sort of emphasize is like, I think James mentions this quite a lot. is talk about what you've actually done versus what is existing. So, like, kind of emphasize that we've built this method of looking at the chaodivergences and this and that, and trying... I think in 2 ages, you want to be really high level, and I might even say that, like, including this, like, flow chart figure, and, like, like, that level kind of thing from... Like, I think that says a lot. And if you can make that, like, as clear as you can, you know, that would be also useful because then you would just cut and paste that and put that in, like, I don't section 2 of, or whatever, your, of your write-up, and probably even a paper. if you go there. So that's what I would recommend for that. I think as well, I was going to say, they probably don't want it to be 2 pages long. Like, they probably want to be able to read it quickly or do you think that's not the case? Um, I don't know. I like... Because as well, I don't think it has to be exactly 2 pages long, but like that kind of, to me, that suggests the level of detail that they would like, right? So, um, like, I suspect if you submit half a page of text, for example, that probably, like, not reflect as well as someone who's, like, not only in terms of, like, interest, but also in terms of, like, how well thought out the rest of the project is, right? I think, to be fair, like, I wrote out a plan for what I'm going to say for the 1st and 2nd bullet points, and that alone is almost like touching a page. Just like, yeah, in bullet points as well. So I can easily see how it's going to reach 2 pages, but I also was conscious of not wanting to like go into too much detail or like drone on a bit to people who haven't researched it themselves and it wouldn't make sense to. Exactly. This is why I'd say you want to keep like number 2 very high level, I think. Number three, like, could be a bit more concrete. and even somewhat technical, even if it's not super like, You know, you don't have to have explained all the terms necessarily, but, like, you want to convey that, uh, you understand what's what's next and what's needed and in like a very concrete actionable plan and that, like, there are there are ideas in place to wrap things up in 8 weeks, right? And so I think that can be a bit more technical and not like, you know, in your report, you want to explain the context of everything in care and things like that. And I think for this, this, step three, it's, you're gonna do that at a high level for step two, but for step three, you can, you can just say like, this is what needs to be implemented. Yeah. You know, that, and that will be end weeks and then, um, Realistically, you should probably have like at least the last 3 weeks saying like writing a paper, say. Okay, right, fine. Because, like, writing a paper can take a long time, especially if it's like your 1st paper. Okay, yeah, yeah. Yeah, um, in terms of like, for for this third bullet point of like final steps that I needed, um, I was kind of like, like, unsure is maybe not the right word. Like, I can think of things, but, um, For me, if it was more like, I, like, kind of like packaging it all a bit better to, like, actually put it into a paper rather than for a, for a project. Because I feel like the idea is kind of there, but for example, I was thinking, like, you could explore different SBI network architectures or, like, you can look at, like, different systematics or, like, go more, uh, like, in detail to comparing to specific, like, anatoga cases, kind of like with this um, signal perturbation and what you were mentioning. Last time? Yeah, um, I think it'd be interesting to chat with James and David, what they think. But like, I actually think, yeah, so if you can code up this comparison with the existing method, right? For this EMB case, which is like a non-trivial realistic. like, well, not super realistic, but like, you know, realism inspired example. and show that like you're fairly close to optimal. Um, I think that might be already saying that we haven't had enough. But it'll be good to chat with Jin's and David to see what their thoughts are. Like, in some sense, this is a little bit like more of a conceptual paper, right? Then, like, you exactly caring about, oh, what's the error bar that you get with your S bag? Like you want those things to be good, right? Not like, um, not like, you know, a vast difference between the sort of explicit model and the implicit model. You want them to be comparable and and like, well, reasoned and well implemented, but the goal isn't to like advance the state of the art in intent of compression or like model architecture. Okay, it's I think. But yeah, yeah, sorry, unfortunately, I have, I have like meetings from, well, from 15 minutes on to actually, 1030 PM today. Wow. It's like a horrid day. Oh my god. Wow. Best of luck with that. wow Zoom meetings that they have to attend. in the US. But, yeah, so, so, but, but, it sounds like David's also traveling this week, so we can always circle back on this next week and see. Yeah, and what was the deadline for submitting this? It's next Friday, so Friday the 24th. Okay. I have time. I don't know. So I would suggest, yeah, chat with James, write a draft of this, or maybe even circulate your bullet points after today if you're happy with that. Yeah, and then write a draft and we can iterate a little bit on it. Okay, yeah, that sounds, that sounds good. It's just like, I kind of get what you, like, no, I don't think it's complete or anything, but like, I was struggling on like a concrete thing of like, before I could have said, get the CMB bit working or like, I just, I guess in my head, I want to find another example, like the one you gave of this, like, that would be perfect. I find like one or 2 more tests where like there's a clear and like clear comparison of like the old method versus like the SBI method. That's the kind of thing I think that would be good to do. Yeah. Well, yeah, I don't think necessarily you even need another one given the things you've got. But I think it would depend a little bit on like how things look in the CMB case. Like because when you do a compression, you're not necessarily always guaranteed to be sensitive to the systematic and it could be that we're throwing away information there. Okay, the nice thing about some of the systematics are like, like a beam is somewhat similar to a cosmological parameter, at least over a certain range of scales, and this game thing that we were talking about, that's very similar, like that's basically a cosmological parameter in the splits. So those things should be fairly close optimal, but I think we just have to have a look. Okay, okay. I also, yeah, I mean, I had some questions on your contours that I realized I didn't understand afterwards. Sure. Yeah, happy to try and answer. Yeah, so what was, like, in the plots you've showed, there is quite a difference in size between the, like, nulls, the bit, and the beam systematic, like, uh, okay. I didn't quite understand the difference in sizes of those posteriors. I think um... Do you have a scale on the on the okay? Uh, Like, uh, this was the kind of thing. Is it the width of the wheat beam is wider? Oh, sorry. My showing my tie screen, is it? Click. Yeah. And you, uh, I think this was one of the ones you sent. So, for example, I don't think I understood correctly what difference between blue and green here. Uh, okay, so that's when you've perturbed your, um, you've added the systematics, so you've, you've like multiplied it by 0.01 or something. And the posteriors blow up are that much larger? Um, I guess, yeah, the variances increased. So I think, I think... You see the same thing with this game one that you were doing? I'd have to plot again, like, or I'd have to train again on, like, more simulations and then plot with them with a high number of samples. Um, is your question about when you compare like the 2 posteriors from SBI, why is one of them so much wider than the other? Yeah, exactly. Okay. To me, that that seemed like that reasonably was the like effect of the systematic. Like, I thought that's what the systematic was doing. Yeah, I I mean, I would have just thought that you would be much more sensitive. Like, I would have thought you wouldn't need to introduce a systematic so large to see something detectable, right? But maybe it's understanding. As if in the systematic itself is still that like 0.0, like 0.0, like 0.one% like change, right? Yeah, then I'm surprised that .one% in the beam causes such a big inflation of the. I can I can train a few on um... Maybe you could plot some of the power spectra with them without, like, basically plot your data vectors before compression and send them over. So like, I don't know, your umpiter, power spectrum, and like your one% perturbed power spectrum that like maybe looks like that or something. Yeah, okay. You know, and just so I can see if that looks like it's being doing the correct thing. Didn't do everything. Okay, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, I guess I wasn't worrying about it as much because I looked at compared to the prior and it still seemed to reduce quite a bit. But, um... Yeah. So I think that that seemed to be the case now, which I think is good. I think just I would, yeah, I would expect a much smaller difference here in the detector level, but, yeah. Okay, I'll look at also like a different perturbation as well and like I'll look at that one for like slightly, like I'll get some more plots and I'll plot what you said as well. That would be useful to do. Okay, great. Yeah. Cool. I think that's mainly like what I wanted to ask about. I think this last week I've been a bit more looking at some some lecture stuff, like trying to get some flashbacks made. Um, so I've not put as much time on, um, the project, but like between now and next week I'm trying to write quite a bit. So I'll look at those things you said as well. Okay, sounds good. Cool. Yeah, because at least this, like, 2 page application, I want to get it done as quickly as possible, so have time to, like, make some changes. Um, and similarly, I've also, I think it's only about 3 weeks or so until the actual deadline. So I need to get that going as well. Yep. I know that makes sense, though. Cool. Yeah, okay. I'll have a look at that. That would be good to look at. Yeah, I guess I didn't. I just kind of didn't. Consider it, but now that I'm looking at it and you say that they do look quite wide, I guess. Um, the 2nd split. Yeah, make the same plot for the game one that we were discussing as well and see if that looks the same. I'd be very surprised if the, well, that one shouldn't, for sure. Okay, okay. Yeah, I will do that. So you're referring to when we take like the actual signal and perturb it, right? Like a little bit higher. Yeah, the game, yeah. Yeah, okay, perfect. Yeah, I'll probably get that running like now. But cool. Okay, that makes sense. Yeah, um, Cool. Can't think of anything else to really ask right now. So I'll try and... Okay, no worries. Yep, great. Okay, um, yeah, let's be in touch by email, and I'm probably try and find a time to all chat next. Yeah, perfect. Sounds good. Okay, thanks so much for the time as well. I really appreciate it. Perfect, Eric, soon time. Bye.