Cool I guess you can re what you Sure. um so I think I wrote some initial sort of code for the KL calibration because I had a bit of time a few weeks ago. So I initially looked I had tried to just get something down and I could improve on and then when I had a bit more time again to start this week, I just went back and looked over my I looked over the code that I wrote and then the notes I made from the last call we had. which is why I was talking about like what I was sort of saying in the emo. like I kind of understand the point of why I like why we're doing this calibration makes like a lot of sense to me because it's a lot of what James was talking about a lot, like test statistics and making sure like any test test statistic is a valid one, even if you multiply it by 10, but you need to compare relative to values of that test statistic to see if what you're getting is big or not. And I guess we were starting with a nar hypothesis, that the two posterias we train are similar and then trying to find if we get a big enough diversions to say that they are actually different to each other. But sort of the question I was having, just looking over my code is what I've actually written, what I was actually meant to write, because I remember in that call we had like write at the start of December, one thing that James did was he he wrote like a little bit of Can python where like he sampled a normal distribution twice and was trying to find like the like average difference between the means of both these distributions was based on based on the sample. So the way he was doing it was taking the same distribution and sampling it twice and then seeing what the typical values of that are under like the sort of hypothesis that both these distributions are the same. And I thought that's what I was meant to do because we've trained these posteriors and because we have an annotization, we can really quickly sample infine observations. So when I wrote my code, I can show my screen as well, if that helps. Let me. Let me find this. Okay. I think we're looking here. Can you see that? I can't see the shed yet. Oh, no, okay, right, hold on. Okay.. Okay, sorry. Um, what I was trying to do here is um Okay, so this was just once you like this was a a general function to calculate to posterias. Like, you have a posterior one, a posterior two, and some some data took by somewhat, like yeah, some data to condition on. So this would usually be your observed data, making sure it's in the right form and then this is what we said as well. You take find the log posterior for the first, the log posterior for the second, and you're just doing over N N N samples the average of the local se of the first one is theus second. I'd missed small step there. No, I think that seems. I have to write it out to check, but I think that seems right. I thought it seemed right too, but. Yeah, um okay. Then in terms of calibrating what we're doing essentially here is, this is very similar to like, I tried to follow the structure of what James wrote was that simple example than all distribution, but this is this is fine, this was just to like log kind of thing. Like keep track of where I am in my in my loop. But you have big end like we have an array of size big N and we're calculating for each. like array in the entry in your array is like one DKO, so one typical value kind of thing. And then from like this list of big typical values, we can find like a distribution that was the idea. So we set like an orator zero. We obtain like, yeah, and then we loop through our array for like each entry in it. We obtain some like set of paralysis from our pri distribution. We simulate a trajectory and then we're splitting that trajectory. So here I've done it by odd and even indices. For example. And yeah, I will talk about this in a second, but that's not really too important for now. Then I'm building where summary statistics for those data. So I've got like my observation on observation too and then I'm just putting it back into my calculation function where so this is one of the steps I was talking about. I was asking you in the email. Again, so from my understanding of what James did or like from what we're doing, we're currently under an all hypothesis where both are like both are posteriors are are the same, right? This statistically match. So we're trying to find the typical values for when they match so we can use the same posterior twice, I think. That's one of the steps I just wanted to ask with you two and make sure is like correct to do. But under anothesis, I could put posterior 1 posteririty in this should be the same. So in this case you're just putting the same one twice and then you're sampling it at each of the splits and these splits come from the same process. So they should lead to very small divergencences, only due to differences in how your data is realized. and then this is just your number of samples. And you plug that into that array and then by the end of it, you've got an array with all these typical values and you can, I just said like a 90 the5th percent off so and you want it to be one-sided because you only want to care about deep the d urgences are big. So you've got your divergence there, you can plot here Instagram as well. The issue that I'm having is like, so I've changed this to be true. I thought that I was only getting negative values because I'd set the normalization of the posteririty force. But I set it to be true now I'm still getting negative value. So this is where I think there might be like something I'm missing in what's going on. I have two things I was going to say. I think firstly, like, when you split by even odd indexes, over like a population because we're looking at lots of terror you're getting almost identical data splits. So you're expecting really, really low like divergences. When I did this with like first half second half splitting there, the divergences were like from zero to 30 roughly and they weren't ever negative. And I looked a lot at this, I'll be honest a horse chat GBT. I'd like tried to look at this quite a lot. And apparently it could just be to do with the variance of your Monte Carlo, like, because it's not a true value, it's just, it is an estimation. And, like, the size of deviation from zeroer is really small, basically. Like, we kind of do in my head, it makes sense that this is cented at zero because it's almost 2, the same posterior conditional almost identical data. But I want to what I want to do to test this, and I'll go back and do this, is like change this way I'm splitting the data again and see if I'm still getting negative valuegues, because if I'm not, it might be to do with how I split the data. The other thing as well is like, some of these warnings here. So out of, I've done, like if with N is 100 and like N theater is 500 for every calibration value I'm doing like 500 samples of 500 500 samples, right? So like we're averaging many times. But occasionally you'll get a case where they, yeah, they took about proposal samples are accepted or estimating that the normalizing constant. What's going on is the posteriors giving you samples that are outside the prior support. So your posterior, like, and like the way SPI does it is it sets, if it's outside the price support, it sets the value to zero. And then it has to renormalize the values that are inside the price support to some to one. And the way that it does this is also not in, like, it's an estimation. I'm trying to read a bit more about this. This is what I want to look at over the next kind of few days as well. But yeah, what as if I'm not entirely sure like this, this is pretty new to, but this specifically is pretty neat, like new to me, I'm trying to look into it. But yeah, they're calling about leakage correction. So leakage being when it lands outside your prior support. Yeah, I think basically what I'm trying to say is if you ended up with a sample where a few only like a reable proportion of your samples are inside your price support and it's like correcting a small amount of like probability to sum over to one that's like introducing some uncertainty and that might be what's causing these negative values. I can't give a better explanation than that yet because I'm not fully, fully looked into it, but that's one of the things that I'm not 100% certain about yet. That might be why we're getting a bit of variance. But I think the two things I'll do is I'll look at what what KO values I'm getting for, like more different splits like a first half second half thing. and then see if that pisses. and then I' also try and like read more into like I've been looking at the read the docs and stuff and trying to like figure out exactly what's going on here but that's currently kind of where I'm at. I would imagine, especially if things are falling outside the support, this normalizing the posterior is probably doing something strange. Yeah. Because if you don't have the same yeah, you're kind of like, if you're comparing the average look, like the could values and you have different numbers of populations in the two things you're comparing because a stch amount fall outside, I imagine that would change the and you adjust a normalization based on that st estimate. There's probably an error bar. You could probably work out what it is as well, and it's probably one on route end of whatever this is, but there may be some ine effectively some error that's creeping into your kale. Sure estimate here, I think from that normalization. Surely. Sure. really low to me if I'm sorry, I actually haven't used SBI packaged tumal. So I'm passing these for some of the first time. But this is only 0. Yeah, yeah, yeah. sample. 500 samples is just saying that one I think it's like.. What would it be? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So if I had a 1D version of this, like what you're saying is as a function of like my one parameter, right? Like, if this is my posterior sorry, I guess. Just to I sure, I understand this, this says that the SBI posteriors say, I don't know, might look something like this. Yeah. But your prior is actually something like this? Is that correct? Like, you know, if I only 1% of my posterior samples lie within my prior. Is that the kind of sketch that I should be having? Yeah, I guess so. Like I didn't really stop to think about it that way. I think as well, like, um. Because you're looking at four parameters as well rather than one. It might be like accurate in three, but so unaccurate in one. And that I think lines up with some of, like when we look at, when we look at this, I think this one's okay, but like alpha and beta might be really accurate, but like gamma and like like, they might be outside of where the true parameter is meant to be. So it might be to do with the fact that, again, I've just been working with this because it's what we've done, but the actual posterior is not accurately, like the posterior's not trained as like that well in this lot of Verio's example, which one would also be leading to problems here because if I've done 100 samples and I'm only getting this warning maybe six or seven times like 93 times it is like sufficiently supported but in that like 7% of the time it's really unsupported, I guess. Which I think is to do with the fact that it's over four dimensions... But yeah, I think if you drew it in WD that is what it's saying. It's saying like this is this is how narrow it is and we've got to make this this little density, like renormalize this to be a width of one. So it is entirely, you know, these things should be greater than zero, uh, for a true distribution, but a as we were discussing earlier, we were we are sampling this, so there is going to be some numerical error on this. I'm one way to see if this is is to just increase the number of samples that you're drawing and see how how this distribution can change I did a run with like 2,000 or something and I was getting really similar draws and I cann do higher and higher as well if you like it would just take longer and longer to run. But yeah, I would do that as well. I'll look at what happens for different bits. I'll try and figure out what's going on and I'll do larger values as well. But I would have thought over 2000 like here. I think it like yeah, I think it was like pretty similar, like what happened when I was running it. Like I got a similar number of warnings like it wasn't like, like of my 200 samples, 200 were unspported. Yeah, I think this warning thing is something different, right? Because that's that like your fit your posterior and actually the value that your conditioning is happening to force it into this area where I guess like it's very close to the private boundary or something or as you were saying that you're outside of where is just not in a good fit breathing, perhaps. More, what I was thinking is like, you know, so your KL divergence, right, is is this difference from some of Now I'm going to embarrass myself by getting this the wrong way around. Log of P over Q, right? Yeah.. Am I not multiplying by P? I at the moment with 500 samples, right? Yeah, so yeah. And so the question really is, like, you have two things that you're differencing, which is pog, P, and P log Q. And the question is, like, what is the typical value of p log P? And, you know, and a value of P log Q. And you're kind of like asking, what's the value on this difference, right? And so So like, these two numbers will have some error on their values, right? Which is proportional basically to the number of samples you can. Okay. That sounds. in a difference of these two things, it could it could blow up. I just have a question. Like, I think I've Should I be multiplying by the probability itself here? or am I doing that? Right. I might just have log P minus Loki. That's what I'm starting to just think about. Yeah, I think that's fine. I thought it was because you take samples first, I thought. Exactly. Yeah, sorry, I should have written this as an integral, yeah, that was kind of confusing. Okay, yeah. Cool. Yeah, when you were doing an MCMC, you or like a monut, So when you're doing a Monte Carlo estimate, like your pee is sort of included in the fact of where your samples are. Yes, yes, okay, okay. makes sense. Yeah, I thought I had it, I just had like a d for a second, but I think that's fine. Yeah, I also get what you're saying. When you increase the number of like the error goes like a function of yeah, okay um so in general we can try and increase like I can increase the symbol as well, but um I'll try and look into what the variance of my values is across like this. like a bit that' done at the moment you have odd even samples But yeah, odd even, yeah. So, you know, so your data looks something like, I don't know, you have populations that, like grow I don't know, why you know, something like this, right? Something bizarre and, you know, and the other population or whatever. And so you said you considered two cases, right? And I think while you're saying makes complete sense, one was where you divide your data this way, right where this is split A, and this is split B.. And I think it makes sense that what you would expect is that these posteriors would be significantly different. So it's like, it is kind of hard to estimate these parameters as we've been finding and like we' two completely different data sets. Like they should be, they should be consistent, but your parameters are going to be quite different, right? And now what you're saying is that in the case that you're showing us here is actually you're taking data points, which is like, you know, basically adjacent data point. Yeah. And probably very highly correlated, right? Yeah. So in this regime, I would expect two posteriors that that are really, you know, so if we just have two parameters, right, in this in the first case where I guess I was using orange, like, I would expect quite a big scatter on my inferred parameters just because it's kind of hard to measure the parameters, right? So I actually think what you've done is actually really instructive as a general example for the value of the things that we're going to want to do. So you would expect some quite big scatter between them, and I think that means that the typical values of your KL and your KO stat, right, should be quite large. everyone out of great. I hope that's okay. And now what you're saying in this other case, the two data sets are really highly correlated, right? Yeah. So what you would expect actually is that two posteriors would basically lie on top of each other. Yeah, pretty much data is almost identical. Not exactly, but almost identical. And the result here is the difference in KLs should be really, really small, right? Yeah.. So I think the results that you're getting kind of make an intuitive sense for what I would have expected from this, and also highlights the value of the importance of calibration, right? Because, you know, in this first case, you said you've got Kale values of like order 30, right? Yeah. And it's clear that a KL value of 30 in that case might not indicate anything wrong at all. And now you were getting, was it 0.01 or 0.? Yeah, that was like the critical value I calculated was like 0.01. And I think what also. value in that would be insane.... the other sort of just on the stat, another instructive thing here, because the question is, is this distribution just the Monte Carlo noise on your estimate of the KL? And you can do that by rather than having two very close, you construct something where the two date sets are really highly correlated next to each other. You can actually just compare a complete nail test where you sort of all the same data. Okay, you'd expect it to be exactly zero. Up to some Monte Carlo noise and it probably looks like that. Okay, okay. I could probably do that right now as well. might be indistinguishable to the sort of noise threshold or something like that. So in a way, that's kind of like a, even more null test in a kind of stupid way, I guess. But you to sort of confirm. You just need to be careful that you aren't exactly computing zero in the way that things you have different sees, basically. Exactly. Okay, I think I follow like,. Yeah, I think I follow. I think I followed. Like, you if you if you if you were conditioning on the same data, then you're expecting to be exactly zero apart from like sort of estimating noise. But what was the comment you just made about? You don't want different seeds or you don't want it to exactly cere? Well, you know, your KL like. is P log. P of a q, right? Yeah. And you need to be slightly careful that when you re evaluate the same data, P and Q might end up being exactly the same, and then this thing would be exactly zero And so you you need to be slightly careful to make sure that you want the value. Okay, yeah. I think David says is actually very good to getting this noise, but you just need to double track how it's actually implemented such that, you know, P andQ aren't exactly the same in which case it would be exactly same. Okay. Yeah, we'd like to sort of, I guess your observations as well as saying they make sense. It would just be good to confirm that this is what I would call the Monte Carlo era on your estimator of this is basically why you're getting negative values, which is then it's fine. Because again, all this stuff is like, in theory, it can't go negative, but because we're implementing it in the computer with fine samples, you can get noise and things like that or an error at term that comes along with the finite samples that you're drawing. Okay, okay It's good to kind of It might be, yeah. It's a good exercise to think about what kind of era you expect on this value to see. So, you know, what I was saying before is that you basically compute log P and you subtract from it, log Q, and both of these are really log, you know, this is the true plus some error, right?. And this other one is the true value, you know, minus the true value here, minus the mother error, right? Yeah, And the question is, you know, what is the size of this era? If this error is order, tend to the minus 2, then what you're saying makes complete sense. It just dominated by the noise IR. Okay. Typically, to see these things change, it's a sad fact, but they scale pretty slowly with the number of objects, right? Like generally, it depends on the distribution, of course, but typically these kind of things here, like the square root of the number of elements we have in your Monte Carlo. So going from 100 to 200, like, you don't expect to see a big difference. Typically, you know, you have to increases by a factor of 10 and a fact of 100 if you can and then you see some convertence behaviour emerging. Okay. Cool. So I get what, why we do that. Why do you want to do this? Like, in terms of implementing it without having and being exactly the same, what would that sort of look like? Yeah, um. That's something as if in here would I would I just. I wouldn't put in the exact same simulation on both. Or like observed data on both? Or is that sort of what we're trying to do? Maybe maybe it doesn't make sense. Yeah, this is why I was saying you might need to do it, because..Cause I get the idea of different.. Yeah, you're right, yeah, that doesn't make sense. There's probably a way, though, like, because you're saying a different seed, but this. Yeah, more like having different fits to the posterior would be one way of doing it, perhaps, as in like, you know, you generate. Right. You generate a set of simms and you fit your posterior estimator, then you generate another one and fit your neural posterior estimator. But that's testing something slightly different. Yeah. It's quite easier just to see this directly by looking at as you have this log P overQ, right? You can just look at the basically the one over and the size of that tells you what the error on your term is without having to do this in a kind of. You should be able to work out. It's probably roughly around that size as well. I could by. I was going to say, I could do a graph of like. like variants versus N and see like how that changes. Yeah. you've got here is you've got a mean of this. I would just compute the standard deviation of this. Okay. compare the two and what you probably care about is standard deviation roughly over square root N, but I suspect what you'll see there is that the standard deviation is much larger than the mean. Okay. Yeah, so okay, so you could return both like the mean for what we're doing here and then the standard deviation and see how standard deviation varies with like the number of samples you take kind of thing. Well, hopefully you're mean and your standard deviation actually will be fairly constant with the number of samples once you have enough, right? Okay, yeah, yeah. But because you're computing this mean, right? So, like, you know you have the error and the standard deviation, but the error on the mean, if something is Gaussian distributed, the error on this, right? I'll call it epsilon here, is typically sigma over square root n, right? Okay, yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah. And so so what you'll see is hopefully that with enough samples, your value of the mean is pretty constant, at least the first couple of digits, depending on what your variance is and your variance will also be constant couple of digits, depending on how many samples you have, but then, you know, the error on the mean, which is the standard of deviation over a square root n, then you can see that like, oh, my error, my mean is bigger than my mean, and so my mean is just noise or my error or my mean is much less. And so I can trust this value. Yeah, you kind of want to try and construct a way to convince yourself that the negative values are compatible with it being zero. Yeah, okay, fine. I see. And you can Yeah, maybe the argument is quite easier to step through it and kind of see, but there'll be a sort of actually the chales that you're getting here will have an error on them. So effectively, yeah, just the standard deviation of this quantity should tell you, and that estimate means that, yeah, you can figure out how to propagate that visually, but basically, it's just justifying that there is a chance these things can go negative just because of random chance. Sure you're Monte Carlo. Makes sense. That makes sense. Yeah, that makes sense. Okay. It sounds quite instructive, especially if you construct a det that is really a data split that is really far away and you get very large positive values, that's another good sanity check that generally what you've done is correct, because that, again, also kind of makes it the annoying thing is you want it's difficult to find something in between the two and often actually when you're doing these synthetic examples, it's quite hard to construct something, because you'd like to see something where it's a little bit positive, right? If they're completely different, you feel like you're not learning anything and if it's compatible with noise, you also don't feel like you're really learning anything. So it's a little tricky sometimes to come up with a good illustrative example where.. I think I have a screenshot of like the old, like when I did it with Even an Odd, maybe that would help to look at, I'm just trying to get it open um Yeah, so this was was before. You get like, I guess you have a negative value. But the mass is concentrated more to the right, large and positive. Yeah. I think this makes more sense. I think this example that you've got of, you know, the first half and the second half versus even, like, this demonstrates some really nice features of kind of what you are trying to do with this calibration, right? and the power of having two data sets that are, like, this is why people use these kind of splits as they typically have two data sets where, you know, the underlying physical part is very similar and you're varying some, you know, your case is perfect. It's like, we know the photottera model shouldn't depend on whether the sampled on, you know, even days versus odd days, right? And so you're parameter should be very similar. And if you find out that they're not, then that would tell you whoever's doing the measuring on the even days of some systematic or, you know. So I think this is actually a really nice example, and yet, just the kind of things of understanding the error on the quantity people. Cool. I think I'm with you guys so far. Like, just to sort of recap, make sure I've understood what we've done is relatively useful in saying that like a different splits you'd expect different chaos and we can receive that really clearly. But what we want to do just to make sure that what we're seeing is correct is kind of quantify how much error you get due to the fact this is a Monte Carlo process because if we're able to find that error and then it's able to account for the small amount of negative aues you get, then we're very confident in what we're doing. So we need to design some sort of test or like some way of seeing how, like your variance as a function as a function of the number of samples you take and that's the quantity you want to look at now, I guess. Exactly. Cool. I think this is also just to kind of point out here, if it is this small, this is completely irrelevant on the scale of your other test where they were quite separated. Yeah. If if you added 0.01 to this, the distribution or you added an error of 0.01 to the Kales on this. there's no difference in this distribution, right? So when all we're kind of doing is just actually in reality, we probably don't need to worry about this, but it's good to show and prove to yourself that the error on this is quite small. Yeah, okay. Because otherwise, immediately, you know, if you report a KL that's negative, like as James immediately said, right, like, something, this is an indication of something like, not what you would expect and you want to understand what that is. Is that actually there is some, like you went over your code and it looked reasonable, but it's also entirely possible that, I don't know, there's a line there with with, you know, some silly error somewhere that's meaning this doesn't make sense. So what you want to do is you want to understand, I've got something that doesn't make sense mathematically. Like, is it this Monte Carlo era, in which case it's fine? Like, this is a numerical problem. Those things, you know, it doesn't have to be exactly founded. That's fine, that's an explanation. But if that's not the case, then your erras are very differently. Probably says that there is some subtle bug in how something has been implemented. Yeah, I think it'd be interesting to look at what the value, like, because this is like a small bit that's negative. I'd be curious to see what the actual value was., I think you would do the same thing. Like, what this is telling you is, you know, we were showing that there are two mean values here, right? Log key and, you know, log of P, minus log of q, right? Like as these values change, the error on this thing is also going to change. So it's not that the error is it's not that the error on, I guess you've got them up together. It's not that the error on this one, I'm called it error two, right, is the same as error one, right? Like, there'll be different numerical noise on the two situations, and and so I think when you computed something that can compute the error on this one, you are also trivially be able to compute the error on this other one. Okay, makes sense. Yeah, that's no sense. Cool. I'm trying to think of anything else to ask. Like I guess I had that other question about like why why does like like I get I get this and what we're doing, but I had like a question just looking over it in terms of why why is this the correct calibration to do? Because sort of like in my head, what we're doing is we're trying to say we've got one trained posterior and another trained posterior and like how much would we like expect them to differ by? And I thought the point is they've already been trained with differing noise. But we're saying if we had two data sets with that are generated in the same way and we train two posteriors, how much would we expect them to differ by? And now that we have two data sets not trained on the same not trained on data that's generated the same way, how much are they going to differ by relative to these data sets? So it kind of made sense that you'd calibrate with multiple training, multiple models and say, same data set, two models, how much they differ. N times and then say, now I've got my actual two models that weren't trained on the same data, but are they going to give me values that are like over here, which we didn't indicate that the noise was irrelevant or the systematic was irrelevant? Yeah, I think I see what you're saying, so just to be clear, right? Like, so, you know, you had I won't drop both lines just because I'm lazy. But, you know, so in this case that we've got over here, you had your data that looked like this, and you chopped it in half, right? Yeah. You could view this as two if the data sets are the same length, right? Like, these are two drawers from the same model, right? Yeah. And so in this case, I think it is fine to apply the same posterior. Like, I would expect to apply the same posterior code, right? Like, so you estimate your summaries from this one, and there's no reason that I would expect the distribution of these summaries to be different to this other case, right? Yeah. Like the two summaries that just draws from the same model and some think what you've done here is perfectly right, right? Do you agree with that? Yeah. Yeah. So I also agree in this case over here, which was a slightly different, right, where you have, you know your data here and really, you know, you have points points1 and point2, you know, data from data one is this one, and data 2 is, you know, better than me, right, is this. And so from these, you compute your two sets of summaries, x, and what you were saying if I understood correctly is that, why do I expect that distribution of these two to be the same? Like, in practice, shouldn't I train, like a different posterior to estimate this one and a different posterior to estimate this one? Was that what you were saying, or not? Maybe not quite, but also also, I am interested in this. I would it. I think in practice that might be the case, but what I would expect is the distribution of these two should be very, very. The distributions of the summary should be really similar. So I think that worst is technically true is probably in approximation that's okay. So could you explain explain what you meantring? I think I had't understood it then. I guess so what I'm saying is to calibrate like what a typical KO value is, we're taking a model we've already trained on data with noise and then we're saying, what do we, how do we expect it to differ to itself if we sample it at different points and then we're using that to say, what's the like and now we're using that to like quantify I don't know quantifify the right word, but like understand how big the KL of that trained model on No one is with trained world on noise 2, right? But the whole point is we're trying to see like, well at least this one I understanding is we're trying to say we have we have train mode 1 and trainm 2 with like trained on different noise and was that noise significant enough that these two things are statistically different, right? So just in my head. different questions you can be asking. So. Remember before we were doing these calibration tests where you looked to see that the parameter recovery is uniform, right? Yeah. I view that as the kind of version of what you were saying there, of having different model trained with different data, essentially. in some sense. That's not exactly true, though. I guess they send another way, is in some sense, what we're interested here is not testing the training of the model, right? Like what we're saying is that we have some model that does the posterior and we're interested in examiningamining the data themselves to say, is data 1 consistent with data 2, right? And in which case you don't want to vary the model of the posterior, right? Like, you're just interested in, like, how does how do these two posteriors compare, right? So the thing that we're trying to test is the data themselves, in some sense, right? And so if you trained a different posterior, which I think is what you were saying, so, you know, to have this one is a new, the data sets I use to train these two posteriors being different, that would introduce another spread, right? Which is that he even applied to the same data, I would expect to get different posterior values just from different training. So that's what was thinking is, like, if you, maybe I'm wrong. I'm maybe starting to see why what I'm saying doesn't make sense. But the sort of idea was we just want this data to be like generated by the same process, right? So we could have end drawers of generating end sets of data and use that split that end data the same way. And like you've now got two N sets of data that are all generated by the same process, right? But they're going to differ because they work they were like random draws, right? And for each of the two, you'd train two N models and like, these models, in theory should like statistically match because they were trained on data that was generated by the same process and it's the same method to train them. And then you can say how much do these two end models in each case, right? But so you have N cases, two end models, how much do they differ in any equals 1 and equals 2 N is like big N? And then you've got like an idea of what's the typical divergence of two models that are trained on the same dat set? And then when we go to our like our actual posteriors and we add our noise, we can say we know how much we'd expect two models that are trained on the same dat set if the systematic were like undetectable to differ bite and then you know how much these two train models differ like like like if they're the amount they differ is big or not? Okay, I think I understand what you were saying. And so basically the difference to me, I view there being like two ways of the posterior could differ. Maybe I'll just clear on the drawings if that's okay.. And to me, they address different questions. Sure. Please peek up if you have a different view on this. Which is, you know, so I have posteria I what I can do is I can train, yeah, sorry, I should written over there. But, you know, I have a posterior, which is trained on a set of samples, and then I can have a second posterior, which is trained on a set of samples, right? And I can apply this new posterior to the same data and then apply your KL statistic, right? And you will get differences in this based on the fact that just, you know, I've used two, I've drawn two data sets from the same distribution and framed a posterior estimation, but because that's numerical, there'll be some noise in this, right? And so that would lead to some KL difference between the two, which one would hope would be very small if your model is well-trained, right? And so I think what that tests to me is like how like, basically have you trained your model correctly? Like, are you using enough simulations for the kind of resolution and accuracy that you care about? Okay.. And the test that we were discussing was like, in some sense, saying, okay, I've done all the tests such that I believe my posteriors, right? Like you were doing all the coverage tests before and these kinds of things, and you're like, I'm happy with my posterior, and now you want to investigate your data, right? And so you could imagine applying it to different data sets, the same posterior. And as you saw, how you choose to create those splits, whether it's odd even or first half second half, is going to lead to quite big differences in the resulting KL. And to me, what this is telling you is like trying to tell you something about these two data sets themselves, keeping your posterior fixed. I think what you were suggesting was combining both of these, right? So it was doing one posterior air trained on this, and then applied to data one, right? And and then and then doing a new posterior trained on a new set of things from the same process, right? if I understood correctly, and then applied to data too. Yeah, yeah. And in principle, this is something that you could do And if you if you' ever between on your numerical part of training your KL is sufficiently small in this first case over here, right, then this result would be the same as this. But it requires many more Sims, and it's kind of you're testing two things together. I see, I see, I see. rather than just one alone. No, I see, I see. Okay, that makes sense. That plays up pretty much my question. That's very useful. Yeah, you, just to reiterate that, I think, yeah, sometimes you just want to convince yourself that for a problem of the type, the error associated with, let's just say, the training of the neural network, which is kind of what the first column is, is small. Yeah. it's small, then I can write it off. Or I can say that's under control. And in theory, it's nice to propagate that all the way through, but in practice, you probably don't need to. And I think you can sort of start making arguments like that. If you can prep yourself for a problem of this type, this error is really small or it's within the noise that I would expect, then I can park that and then test other variations and you kind of want to always be varying one thing at a time, really. Yeah, that completely makes sense., I get what you guys are saying now. It's just like an idea. Like I didn't really understand what was wrong with it, but not an idea. No, nothing is wrong with it, and I think James has even, if I remember correctly, as a paper discussing, you know, how you can use things like in this first hand, oh, sorry, in this firsthand case where you train not only using different data, but also different assumptions about your neural network. So how many layers you use or, you know, what kind of processing like terms of training, et cetera, all these changes and using that as a way of understanding how robust your posterior is in that like you want to see that all of these things mostly agree. Okay. And so that needs an interesting and useful test to do. It's just testing something that's different. Like I'll focus in in this project is like, if we have two splits of the data, how do we understand how similar those are? Sure. And it's under the assumption that we've done all the training for the posteriors correctly. Sure, sure, sure. And that makes complete sense. Okay. Yeah, that's nice good. I think, like, yeah, that's pretty much all the questions I had or like kind of the work I've been doing. I wanted to get really down with like the KO down before I like I started looking at the CNB stuff. So I started doing it and then like I saw James' emon and I just went back to looking kind of at this before I moved on. Oh, no. I agree. And like I think you have a nice story here with the two things you've been considering Sure. And so I think I think that's nice and I hope that when this is concluded and we understand these things, it really will be a matter of like, okay, now I change the simulator for the CB case kind of like, hopefullyefully we can demonstrate it works that we can authority that you have some methodology that that is sort of independent of the physical problem for diagnosing these kinds of things. Sure. Would that't make sense. Cool. Great. Do you guys have any more questions or like sort of things I should look at or No, I think at least in the context of what you what we've been discussing here, I think this seems nice. But maybe one next step that I would say that maybe completes this story is that after you've understood this era in this plot over here, like, hopefully what we'll find is that when you measure that this error, like you're predicted error on your KL would look like something like this, so that this distribution makes sense.. And if that o, then that's fine, then the one thing to do maybe is to like artificially introduce some bias in your summary statistics between your two data sets. Say, I don't know, you're even preferentially measures things with an error of like some small amount. And then what value of KL do you get there? Are you able to detect like that some level of systematic? Okay. You know, shifts things over here and you can do the same thing with the first half, second half, and see. Oh, actually, that's just one quick question that I had.. Yeah, like adding, like, a small error to your summary statistics, right? Yeah, okay. If if I'm not sure I still had this.. I don't think yeah, okay. What I'm trying to say. Okay. I had this question before, and I feel like it's lost relevancy as this cause happened, but I lost it anyway. When we calibrate here, we're viewing like, let's say my posterior one as like my no distribution, right? And to compare values to. And this was trained on data that has like some poon, for example, noise added to it. Should I be adding that noise to my statistics straight away now? Or is this like step two of what you're saying where you add it to one of your splits and see if that kale is different to when you don't or. Sorry, so glad again. So before what you did is you generated a series of data, let's call it time series data I, right? And then like, right at this. Right at the start when we were training these two models, like before we we started this idea of splits, right? And in split one, I've added one noise and split two, I've added a different noise. And I'm using the posterior one with like some first kind of noise added to like in this calibration step, right? So like here it's posterior one Should I be worrying about the noise that I added to that posterior when I'm calibrating here? Like, is that a relevant detail? So sorry, just spell it out. So you generated a time series and then you added on noise to it, wasn't? And then you computed summary statistics. Is that correct? Yeah, so this is like before I' trained the model to the data I'm training the model with. Exactly, right. for the data you're training your post on, this is your process, you draw parameters, a predict trajectory, add noise, confuse summary statistics.. And then this is your pair that you used to try. And so what I would say is for the model that you want to do at the moment, you know, you should be doing exactly the same thing. Yeah, yeah, I thought I thought that made more sense. Okay, absolutely. different is that like, so everything would be the same, so you do this exactly like this, except instead of directly computing your summary statistics, you split your data and that can be even odd here or it can be first half second half and that's what you get the X one in it. Yeah, yeah,ep yep yepep. Okay. And that makes sense right because what you want to say is like what is the posterior distribution, you know, given a set of statist You don't want to change the the probability distribution of your summary statistics, right? By not adding noise, because then you're not Yeah, okay, no, no. That makes sense. Yeah, that makes sense. And then I also get the point you've added like towards the end as well, of like, I'll change that I think that's a pretty quick change just to copy that code over then find the errors as like find what you're kind of error bar is and then you were saying as well, to your summmary statistic to one of the splits, add a tiny bit of like extra error and see if that also gives a different maybe distribution of KO values. Not a different, well a different meant to that in the distribution, like this is adding some systematic, yeah. statistics are always or high or whatever you want from this. Sure. Just to like that's kind of the opposite of like, you know, here we're demonstrating what happens if our data is consistent. This is what we should get, and then you want to say, okay, like, if I have a systematic, like, what level can I detect it? Okay. That's some sense the power of the test. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah, that will make sense. That will make sense. Yeah. That's good. Cool. Okay, great. Yeah, I I think that that's that is everything I wanted to ask. I feel like I've got a lot of work to do now, so. I think I think these are mostly small things that sound as like you have most of the machinery together. Yeah, these come together pretty quickly. Hopefully. Cool. I'd be happy to meet again, kind of early next week. I didn't end up getting the chance to head back up to Cambridge, just some issues or whatever at home. But I'd be like, I don't know when James will be available as well, but I'm pretty, I should be moving in on Monday.. Okay, maybe we can meet on Thursday, but let's Yeah, that's fine. Send an email around and find out where it works. Perfect. Perfect. Okay, great.'s not we can meet together as we've done this week. Sure. Okay, great. Cool. I don't really have any more questions on this. You guys have any more sort of things I should look at or... That sounds good for now, I think, yeah. So Cool. That's like good progress. Cool. All right, well, then I'll probably see you guys next week. Yeah,eak in a week. Okay,. Thanks, guys. Thanks for the help. Cheers.