, it's something Cambridge. Yeah. Yeah, it's nice sometimes. It's really sunny today, so, like, they've got big windows so a bit nicer to work here. Yeah, I wouldn't want to go outside, outside, right? I mean, you can never do that as hers a last student, you know? I guess. Um Right, I mean, well done. Oh, thank you. Yep. Oh, that's good. I'm very happy. I'm very happy. Because, like, I'm very relieved, if anything as well, because it was getting a bit stressful. But this is pretty much the last place I had and I'm happy it came through so. Well then, you only need one. I need one. It's pretty ruling process, but well done. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Ah, cool. Yeah, so I think it was really hectic the last week because I had that and the interviews on Friday itself. I had to fly back and then I had varsity in Oxford on Saturday. So that was another day of like travelling and doing sport as well. So but since then, like I said, I've caught up on my work and I've started looking back at the project, and it's the main thing I'll be looking out until sort of this presentation's done.. I think what. What's the most useful thing to kind of get out of today? Okay, so I can show you the work I've done, and then the main thing I would like to understand is, because obviously you guys have been to like probably so many more presentations than I have like, what how I should structure it and what I should include and what I shouldn't include. I think one thing people have said is, like, like, have as few equations as possible and talk about as little like, actual maths as possible, but you want graphs and results and that sort of thing. So we talk about that? Yeah, I think as well, before we get into the presentation stuff, there were a few results that I have that I wanted to show. So I'll just share my screen and I'll show you those. Bear with me a second. Right, yeah, so there was, I think, three things that you guys asked me to do last time. Right, yeah. Okay. From the last meeting, there was, I think James U was still you were asking me about. You were kind of questioning, like the values on the histograms. You were saying, like, what is it reasonable to obtain like, KO values of like eight or higher or five or higher or like certain values? And you said you can look at this analytically. So I did. And I think I think I found that they should be distributed, like K squared, which I can show you the math for if you want to check. I've got that like here. I did. Because I wanted to double check it as well, but so if Und and Null hypothesis, like, I think, maybe if I just go through it, because it's pretty simple, but after the posteriors that analytically calculated are this, right? So you have some mean with some with some scale factor there and some location factor there. But we're saying under ourull that these are the same instruments so that both for each split, both of them should be the same. And this is, again, this is grad from your paper as well. But I I'll just give a second for you guys to read. Let me. Which you crazy it's not own paper. It's to do, like, the KO under one sec. I got it.. Should be in there, hopefully, if I haven't. In which have James' papers, sorry? I' saying it in the chat one saying it. Perfect. Yeah, which equation is this? Maybe it's like, uh. It's it's I'm pretty. Okay, there's a longer one, and this is what it reduces to when you have the same posterior variances. Is this equation 4 or something? Let me see in the. I don't have the paper itself open, but I know that. I'm very sure I wrote that down following your paper, but I can double check. It looks like it's equation 6, but I guess with something's cancelling. Yeah. Ah, yeah, okay. Yeah, um, I think you have, uh log of Sigma 2 over Sigma 1, but under the knoll, there should be the same. Another term that counts two. Yeah, trace of Sigma 2 inverse Sigma 1, minus D is going to be zero. They're going to cancel. Okay, so the assumption is actually that you measure things with the same precision, right?, The assumption is that you measure things with the same precision. Yeah, I think, yeah. Right? Because, so as you say, the muse differ because they are like mew or X, really. Right. They're not the date the realization. Yeah, yeah, yep, yep. I think that this step, like, this step, sorry, fine. Okay, this step is like independently saying like under the knoll because if you look at the actual, because they're isotropic, I think is the word, like, there's no, there's no correlation. Your variance is like the identity. So they have the same variances. Yeah, yeah. And that's kind of, yeah. Okay, cool. So if you have this. Yeah, then when we' when we're calibrating, like for our histogram, we're saying that we're using the same posterior like and the same like the same, what's the word? noise, right? On both, which is what we did. So you can set that these are both equal for your splits and then just simplifying from there, like doing a bit of algebra, you get that, like, it's the sum of two 01 normal variables, which is like a scaled k squared distribution. Okay. Yeah, with two degrees of freedom. you emailed these notes around afterwards. Sure, sure. I will send an email. I'll attach this. But yeah, like, I' plotted that over, like theograms that I got, and they seem to follow it pretty well. I mean it looks pretty good, right? Yep. Um. So that that was like, for me, at least that gave me some another like sanity check of the larger values that you do get that like they are justified in small amounts. I can try to plot this again using like a higher. No, no, no. I think this is good. I mean, yeah, I have to also not, like, grab too much onto my particular comment, right? Like, it was a little bit random. Sure, sure. It's more just like sure that these things are scaling properly. Yeah, sure. I'm pretty happy they are after that so that that was like another good bit of confidence in the method, I guess. It does. There's may be something interesting in that this is these kinds of K squared type things often show up as frequentist typeothesis tests. So analytic formula for P values and I'm not sure if there is an exact relationship between what we're doing here and the frequentest calibration of Bay'sin results is kind of a thing people like to think about. So I wonder if we're essentially deriving this sort of correct frequentist behavior for your. basian interval for this. That's what I was thinking as well. But that's just a slightly more nuanced and deep topic, but it's interesting that this distribution, like you say, that this is kind of where distributed, because I think that's sort of for what you'd expect from frequent hypothesis testing as well. I think I kind of follow based on some stuff we just did in one of my lectures, but yeah. That's quite a deep nuanced topic, so it's it might be something interesting to highlight, perhaps if I do have a bit of time to think about it. Sure, okay. I'll make a note of that. I think one of the other things I was told, I think this was from you, Will, maybe. was like, with these, no histograms and p histograms, try and like, shift multiple times and see the point at which you're like sensitive to two Sigma sensitive, that's the term that you used to like a specific perturbation. So this was just like you had you had like, let me just remember, you try and say it precisely. We were just shifting the mean of the sex. So this is with 2D Gaussians and we're shifting the mean of the second. of the second split and the test I was doing was seeing at which point the median of the perturb distribution exceeds like the 95th percent of value of the no distribution. And like I know this is like a random and specific example, but like just doing it and then narrowing the like the values you loop over, you get like 0.36 to some pretty good approximation, yeah. So like that gave to 0.3 like five and then to 0.36. So I think that was like another sort of test or like way of using this to like this perturbed Instagram to kind of say like this is the sensitivity at which we expect to detect change? 60% of the time, rough 65% of the time, you detect it at two sigma. Is it 60, 65% of the time you detect it? No, at least 50% of the time, right? He's matched the median to the 95%, right? He said 0.36. Oh, no, sorry. That was the actual shift in the meat. That's a physical value rather than like... Sorry, sorry, sorry. I thought you meant that that was like the proportion less than this. No, so yeah, it was 50. But yeah. So, yeah, I don't. That was another test that you guys suggested and I thought that was like useful or interesting, at least. Cool. Have you shifted both of the means, or just one of them? Because you're doing a 2D Gaussian, right? So this was when you have like the calibration curves, right? So you keep one split the same and you perturb one of the splits. So I've only perturbed one of the splits and added a shift to the mean. So, like the top is unperturbed, unperturbed. The second one is perturbed, unperturbed. Sounds good. Okay. The other thing you guys said was, like, try and write out a paragraph explaining that like, how the calibration works. So I've done this. I think that needs a bit of refinement, but like, I have written it down. I can send this to you. I like across the hour. The sentence being later. I didn't't know if it was good or not. I thought it was kind of terrible, but I just kept it there. rather than deleting it completely. But yeah, I can send this to you. I know it's not going to be easy to just read on the spot now. But I can send that three to you as well on an email. I think similar. But yeah, apart from this, like, I like started roughly like outlining how I do a PowerPoint, but this is the main thing I kind of wanted to talk about. I would that I don't know, like, in general, like, there's a little bit of things like, is it better to have more slides or less slides? and know. Igue is that typically on a slide, you want to say like one main thing. Yeah, okay. Yeah. So, for example, like, obviously, like I was starting with the background and the motivation. And I was just thinking about when I tried to explain my project to like guys on my course, I say the title and they don't I say do you know what SBI is? They say no, I said, do you know what systematicas, they say no. So even things like that, like I thought I'd start with the thing explaining what SBI is, go through what. are a pretty good audience to try this out one. I don't disagree with that. Yeah. Because once I explain it, like I explain it really quickly and like a line or two saying Vion Inference can't do it on complicated stuff So SBI, like they'll get it really quickly and I thought it's better to have like a slide for each and like a little bits on each slide rather than one slide that's packed with like all nine things right because then I'll keep people's attention a bit better. But that's generally the approach I was going to take was like at each stage splitter up into subsections and do like a little bit of information on each slide rather than like when you're having like a few. I was also looking back at the interim project and trying to like roughly follow along the structure that we had there, but I think now we can kind of split into three with like the 2D Garians look of Oterra and the CMB stuff.. But yeah, I guess maybe, like, if you guys have any comments or, like, suggestions, I'm happy to to hear... Go on well. Go, go, yeah. I was going to say, it might be require two slides for introducing what SBI is. I don't know. It depends on what level of detail you're going to want to go into.. Okay. It's sort of I guess I would say, yeah, once you've made your slides, we can see how the story goes, because you are kind of constrained, so it's important to to spend most of the twerk, not on review of background stuff, but what you actually did and and what's new and what you've planet it. So this breakdown that you're presenting here looks looks pretty good to me in general. Okay, cool. So yeah, I think I was going to say, like with the with the CMB like doing SBI on a CMB case, that's probably the thing I need to like play around with most in the next week because I think I've got enough results that I can indicate the sort of ideas of like, you can do two different tests with a T Gaussian and you can do one test, but with different splits, you get different results, then like try and combine both of those ideas, like different two different tests, two different splits with the CMB case, and that would be like c to try and show by like the time for the presentation. But yeah, that was my goal. But up until this CNB case, I have a pretty good idea of like exactly what I'm going to include. yeah, I kind of thought it's better to not talk about like, the more interesting stuff is like the KL divergences and the calibrations and stuff rather than like explaining how like I'm doing posterior checks and predictive checks and stuff like that like I thought that was maybe more of the focus, so I thought I'd keep the actOSBI pipeline a bit short, but maybe there'd be a bit more needed on that. But again, very, very open to like what you guys think is important to include, because I've not like seen or been to many of these as you like my opinion is two core things, you have to get across it in this presentation that are really the hard of project, right? The first one is you need to make it clear that like, this whole method with the KL and that is something that you've developed through the project, right? That's not something that's off the shelf. You're not introducing that. You might be introducing SBI, but you're not introducing this, like, no calibration check thing, because if you don't make that separation clear, it might come across as like, oh, there's this method and then I'm using it. And, you know, you just need to make that extremely clear, right? Okay. And take that time so that people can really internalize what's going on and like why why it makes sense and why it's natural, right? And then the other thing, I think you need to get across is the clear kind of C&B motivation, right? Because at the end of the day, this is an abstract program. Yeah. And you need, so therefore, like, you know, having, I don't think it's wrong to set up, and I would probably do the same, like start with the what's SPI, what are some systematics, here's our method. But then when you go into the C&B example, like, you know, having done some good reading, having some good examples of these sort of systematics, right, that you're trying to take. It's not that you have to have finished every analysis, right, and have all the results. But I, yeah. I might add a slide here, which has kind of what James was talking about. So the idea that, like, I don't know, maybe cut from one of the C&B papers, like, a list of tests that they do and then say and then have on the other side, some histograph, some contourss from an SBI method and say, how can we transfer this framework to this problem, kind of, if that makes sense. So like, basically one quick slide that just connects the systematics to SBI really explicitly and say, this is the problem that we're trying to address." And then the next line might be even just introducing your method that you're proposing and saying, "This is what we proposed in this work to do to solve it. Yeah, because, I mean, my take on this project like this, the core of this project, right, is that SBI is a useful set of techniques. CMB, they already have a lot of these tests, and we need to bridge that gap, right? That's the core of the project, really. Okay. And so you know, it's telling that story in many ways. Okay, right. Cool. One one thing that comes to mind that I'm just looking at, will handley his group meeting, his part three students usually do a practice presentation and we could probably arrange for you to do a that in that group and it's a very like-minded group, so it wouldn't be a good way of just getting some practice just to sort of see the timings and things like that. Sure, sure. I don't know what sort of time scale, I guess it looks like it might be possible the meetings are on Tuesdays at 2 p.m. Tuesday timeot works for you. I can yeah, I can make myself available. I can try and get it done by this Tuesday as well because I think it's.d like to if you'd like to practice this Tuesday, so yeah, next Tuesday, I can drop an email and see if that fits for the scheduling, but if that works for you, do you think you can sort of take it again, it doesn't need to be super polished for that, but it's just probably a good way of doing a proper standing in front of people practice, which is always, I think, quite helpful. So, yahoo, if you think you can maybe get Tuesday 2pmed, I can pass. Yeah, I think that's pretty the most useful thing I can do before the actual thing. So like I will make sure I'm at least reasonably be done by that. Yeah, Like I said, it's it's a friendly, it's quite actually part three students and things who come to that group meeting, so it's not a yeah, it and it should be an audience that's actually fairly SBI savvy, but it should be a good chance to do that, so I will send an email after this. I would understand. They'll understand the project, right? Which is actually useful. Yeah, yep yep yep. I'll send an email then CC everyone. I think, yeah, a friend of mine mentioned she did that like a week or two ago and it really helped her. So I think that's something I'll try and do as well. Cool, all right. Cool. Just to clarify my earlier point, it doesn't have to be this list. It was just some suggestion of some conceptual way of really seeing what your problem is. I do understand. And maybe if you're preparing for Tuesday, maybe focus on just writing the lights for everything except the CMB case and try and put that piece together if you're happy that those bits are basically done and finalized, then maybe working on making that part look fairly polished. Yeah, I agree. Okay, yeah. Um, I'll I'll do that. Yeah, and I'll try and make it very clear what I'm gonna add to there as well. Yeah, yeah.'Cause I think like now, like I have no other work except this pretty much, so hopefully like, can be some quick progress. Great. Cool.. Yeah, um, anything else you guys would sort of recommend or do you think it's worth, like, reruning some of the programs again to get cleaner graphs or. I think, well. No, I think having nice looking, easy to read graphs is very important. So if you put a graph on and make sure that, like, the label is a very clear. in both terms of font type, but also, like, it's not just perimeter Peter 1 or something. Okay. Someone who isn't familiar with the problem can read what and understand what is on the axes. Okay. But part of giving a presentation isn't necessarily having all of the results be finalized and everything fully understood. I mean, it would be nice if you could get that done, but I wouldn't I would more spend, like, given there, like, only a few days before Tuesday, right? I would spend the time on making things. Flo, have your story right and piece together rather than spending your time tinkering with the code to make the things that we understand 95%, like, fully understood. Of course, if you have extra time doing that, is great, and ideally, the report, we would get those things done, but. Sure. That's my take on that. Okay. Makes sense. I agree. You know, actually, if you look at some pretty decent presentations, the slight content can be pretty minimal if you tell a really good story, right? There's not always true. And in this case, it is important that I think one of the things you, you know, we should realize, like this is for an exam, not only this is practice, right? But normally it's for an exam, you do have to make it very clear what you did and what had been done already. Okay. That is not something we always do, right, if we give seven hours's, words, they're a bit more mixed. Like, yeah, you make the distinction, but here you really need to make it clear. Here is what I actually did in my project. Yeah. But maintain that storyline through it. That's a slightly harder balance to find. And that takes some practice. And that's why I wouldn't always go for like the kind of big picture Bay, you know, simple slides. Like it is fine to show some results, just to highlight, this is why I've got done. Okay. But don't lose the story as part of that. Okay, okay, okay. Cool. Makes sense. I think your plot. Your project is kind of nice because you can kind of show a lot of these things in terms of graph, right? Like kind of what you want to show is like, the two split posteriors lie on top of each other or not and how significant is that? It's kind of the question. I think that you can show that really visually in a way that's like really clear. Yeah. Sure. Okay, yeah, that's good. I think it' be good to compare, like, for example, with the Locoerror stuff, like, kale grs for different splits. It's quite visual to see, like, first and second versus like gold and even and stuff like that. So hopefully that will be clear. Just remember, this is always a mistake when you've spent a long time thinking about problems. Most people have not spent a long time thinking about this problem. We are probably the three exceptions, right? So, they might not be, if you say data split, they probably don't know what that means. If you say KL, then may or may not know what that means. If you talk about, you know, so you have to be, and that applies, by the way, also at the level of senior faculty. Yeah, yeah, yeah.. So, you know, just making sure you don't fall into that trap of over assumption of knowledge. Yeah, yeah.. I think Or another way of saying that is like the fine details are necessarily super important, but what is is, you know, what is the structure of the problem, what is this new idea that you've introduced in, you know, all of these things are a very high level. And that's not to say that you shouldn't say, you shouldn't talk about how you're comparing these posteriors. I think having one slide discussing this and introducing that, but make sure you spell it out, like what this thing is. And that and explain people, oh, this is a measure of distance between two distributions. Yeah. And it's the right natural for us to compare to posteriors with Yeah, it makes sense. It makes sense. Yeah, okay. I think I think what I'll try and do as well is like find a mate of my normal course and see if I can give the presentation to them and if they can follow it along. because that'll probably be at like a good level. But yeah, I think I don't really have too much more to ask. I'll just try and get the slice of done as quick as possible, maybe send you send you a copy beforehand.. Yeah, and I'll send through that, this class word work I've done, and this paragraph of written as well. And you can, yeah, if there's any feedback. Nice. Cool. Great. Good. Cool. Great. Okay, all happy? Yeah, I'm happy if everyone else is. Yep. Well, yeah, and I'll send an email confirming group meeting presentation, hopefully. Perfect. Sounds good. Good stuff, guys. Cool. It's been in touch. Cool. Should we plan on chating next week or.. Yeah, I then we can also line that after the presentation as well, depending on how you feel that goes, Jay. Yeah, sure. Like there's practical what I mean? Yeah, yeah, Tuesday, yeah. Sounds good. Cool. I'm good? Yeah. Sounds good to me. Cool. Let's do it. All right. Thanks, guys. Cheers, guys. Thank you. Bye. Bye.
