I kind of wanted your opinion on that application. Maybe the plan I've got for the actual report, and then I guess like some SBI related stuff as well. Okay, cool. Let's get through it. Cool. I'll share my screen. probably be easiest, but apologies if my laptop like starts to bug out a little bit. Okay. Yeah, I think everything should be over here. Can you see that now? Is something being shown? Yeah, that's good. Can we zoom in a bit, though? Sure. Yeah. Give me a 2nd. Yeah, you're good. Okay, um, is that better or? Yeah, no, that was good. Okay, um, so, I think for the 1st 2 parts, it's a lot easier for me to, I was in a bit more, um, talk on, talk on those. Because I can tell my own personal kind of story in terms of like I came from party maths because I started liking because I'm doing a few of these other topics. And then from doing part 3, like I realized that I liked them a lot more. And doing the project itself, like the more I time I put into it, the more I started to really enjoy it. Um, and like I felt like I've learned a lot of skills from it, which I've enjoyed. Like, I like the idea of doing research and like, I don't know, you get a result and you look at results, you have to break it down all of this. And so on. Um, and kind of say that, like, the more I've done it, the more I've wanted to, like, look at the human research in the future, and, um, this would provide a lot of useful experience for me to do that. Um, which sort of ties into, I guess, rather than just saying, oh, I think, like, yeah, I don't know. Uh, it kind of ties into like my actual reasons for wanting to do this. Cause like, uh, based off, I just think it's really cool and I've enjoyed it, so like I want to talk about that, I guess. Um, In terms of summarizing the work, I think I can go to a pretty like similar sort of level of depth as in my presentation, but like try and keep it maybe a bit on my level. And that's that's the like advice that Will gave me is this can be relatively high level rather than like getting into the technical technical details, but just sort of talk about. And I think this is something I, like I take it from you, is like be really clear about what I've actually implemented, which is this KO method and the calibration and so on, like make that the headline and then like the applications are sort of like afterwards, but make, make the method really clear. But yeah, I think I think we'll... I think that you have to, in this context, right, when you're buying for something like this, right? What they need to understand is To what extent This is not all right as in to what's the innovation here? Because the kind of goal is to come up with a paper, right? That's the point. So, you know, it's getting across, hey, this is what the context is. This is what people have done before, i.e. these standards, CMB, not consistency checks. Yeah. This is the innovation that I've added as part of my project. And this is how we're going to wrap that up into a core conclusion and and, you know, this is why, exact. I mean, part 3 then will come on to that, right? Yep. But this is how I'm going to turn my current state into something that looks like a finished product. Yep, yep, yep. All right, cool. Yeah, so I think unless there's any sort of comments more on like the 1st 2 I'm relatively happy that I could probably write them up today. Um, it's mainly just the last bit that like, um, I, um, more unsure of, but not in like a sense of, I think it's finished. It's more just like, like, I have a very clear understanding of like the way I've written it as like a part 3 report is like quite different to the papers that I've read. So you kind of have to formulate it again in like a different way to structure it, like a paper. Like that completely makes sense to me. Um, in terms of like adding content, like, so there's there's one thing, like, for example, like, uh, when I go through like more of the actual results, um, one perturbation that I've tried is like the actual um, signal to perturb that a little bit. Like, like add a small, like, gain in your in your signal, um, and seeing if you can detect that. I've got results for that. And what we were told me to do is there's like a really similar analog test where you take your splits and you subtract them and all you're left with is noise with 0 mean. And you can compare like, do a Kai squared test on that, on that noise. Um, to see at what significance level, what per like, what significance level you can detect, detect it. And if that lined up with my SBI test, then that's like a good indication that my SBI method is like aligning well with like classical, like classical tests that exist. So like, I think that, that, that's one thing I'm working on currently or like, I'm trying to, trying to get finished over the next like few days. Um, but you said, like, I think maybe another example like that or that, like, where it's a really concrete example of like matching to an analytic, um, So not analytic. I know that's the right word, but like took to a classical test and like showing that you get like really similar results. Um, kind of things like that to add credibility back to it. like the things I was thinking of adding. Um, Yeah, no, I think that's a good plan. Um, I think, again, there's an element here of making sure you kind of control the scope a little bit, just in this part, right? I mean, there's difference when you write the paper and you write the report. But in this context, making it feel like very linear steps from where you are now. Because again, what are they looking for, right? They're looking for something that's a bit of a reasonably short bet that if you spend 8 weeks on it and you follow through those steps, gonna end up in a, in something that looks like paper. So, I'm just saying find that balance between like, okay, I'm going to try and do this new stuff, which is fine. I mean, it's fine if you say, hey, look, I'm going to add another test, something like you just described. Versus, I'm gonna kind of go back and then make sure each of the parts of my pipeline work. That would be a bit less linear. Yeah, I get your point. Like, because one thing we'll say, and I like it completely makes sense, is in this section, you just want to give them like a clear plan of what you're going to do. Um, So I'm just trying to think like what other steps are the stages of that plan? Like one thing I was thinking is like, yeah, like you're saying, go back and make sure it all works and then maybe add this test and then spend some time writing it up, right? A basic level that that's kind of what I'd say. But I just wanted to make sure, like, whatever I'm saying or do sounds like, um, kind of, like, convincing enough or, like, um, like, like, worthy enough of being given like funding over like another project where people might have more things that they can add to. Um, But again, like, you know, Even if everything was ready. It's still taking 4 or 5 weeks to write up the manuscript. Yeah, okay. So I don't think you need to worry too much about it sounding particularly expansive. Okay, okay, fine. Right? It's more the concreteness, I think, that's important. And also demonstrating, and obviously, I mean, we play a certain role in this, right, like by putting it pulled in the 1st place, but just demonstrating that the idea has legs. You know, the idea really has enough, enough novelty to it that you can really think, yeah, that's that's a decent quality paper. And that's more in part one, right? or part two, sorry, the kind of rationale for what you've done. Okay. Um, so, so... No, so gone. I wasn't going to say it. I was going to say, like, do you think it's worth giving a bit more detail then in part 2 or like, obviously keeping an eye level, but would you say then the emphasis is on kind of like showing that this is a novel idea or like that there's actually been some sort of progress kind of thing or? I think, honestly, I like the introduction that you gave in your presentation, basically something along the lines of, you know, it's the sort of hitting so we can give it the same day. And sort of consistency checks, you have to do in sort in order to make sure that it's high quality analyses are carried out, right? Um, SBI has become a really important technique in danger analysis and basic inference and the goal of this project, right? is to connect those two. It's to kind of unlock that power of SBI, but in a context where you want to carry out these systematics and consistency checks, right? And that's the that's the context in which you're working, and then you can talk about the specific novelty, right? Okay, what do we need to do in order to do that? Well, we've constructed this framework where we train an SBI model, we, you know, sample that under some normal hypothesis and carry out some sort of, you know, frequentist kind of hypothesis testing. effectively to understand the impact of these systematics. And here's the different examples that I'm going to carry out. Okay. So there's like, like, it's important to talk about the background and the motivation to kind of explain why it's... think so, yeah. Okay. I mean, that might be literally at the level I kind of just discussed, right? Like one or 2 sentences. Um, But I think it's definitely important because otherwise, Again, you read up. I mean, I have sat on this like panel before, right? where you read like a whole bunch of different things and most of the time you don't know in detail. The setting. Like, you know, I'd say I'm reading one about exoplanets. I don't have a clear picture of the outstanding and most important questions and ex-oplans research at the moment, right? Certainly not at the level of detail to say, ah, yeah, that's obviously a good paper in that field. Okay, so you have to help people out a little bit. Okay, that's very useful to know. Because, yeah, I was saying as well, like, I know if you sat on it, like, this may be a good question for you then, and they say up to 2 pages, but I have still always had a feeling with things like that. You don't want to make it 2 pages long because if they're reading 10 applications, they don't want to read 2 pages every single time. Um, I love structure when I see something like that. Right? If you made it easy for me to identify what you're trying to say and where you're trying to stay at, that makes my life so much easier. Okay. So, whether that's in terms of length or not, I mean, that's that's fine. Um, But, you know, definitely focusing on Can you write some stuff? I think bullet points just to say here is my core summary, right? The other thing I love is just an executive summary at the top. Okay, okay. Okay, I'll keep both those things in mind. Because in my head, this plan itself is like touching a page, right? And it's not even writing it for you. So I know easily you could go for 2 pages, but at the same time, like I was kind of hesitant slightly to talk too much, essentially. But then I'll bear that in mind, I'll give a quick summary at the start. I think it's a good, it's not a bad, like don't write stuff if you don't have anything to say. I totally agree with that, right? Don't feel the need to fill because you could definitely get across in one page, you know, plenty. I think then that tells you maybe there's room to kind of fill out the plan a little bit. For example, like try and add some steps, make it sound really concrete. Yeah, okay. Okay. Yeah. makes a lot of sense. Cool. Uh, I guess quickly then, um, we can, I've got nothing really else to ask. That's really helpful. And I think from Christmas, I try and get this done really soon so we can talk about it again, maybe start next week. Yeah, cool, sounds good. Sounds good. Cool. I think next I wanted to just quickly touch on the project and like a plan plan for this. Um, Yeah, so I've obviously got like the intro, um, sorry, the interim report and then like one or 2 other like odd explanations I've written up over the last few months, but, um, I just wanted to go over the plan of like what I was going to write about here. Just make sure like it kind of makes sense to you as well. But I was mainly going to follow a really similar structure to my presentation. Um, Which was like, Yeah, I think that presentation structure is the ideal structure, in my opinion. Yeah, okay. The only thing that I would ask about, I guess, right? Because like if you if you look, it's pretty much the exact same thing in terms of like SBI, how it works, what's systematic, non-existence we have, right? than saying this is my method. We set up the SPI pipeline. Um, we, we like have our 2 splits. We compare and we calibrate, right? Previously in the interim report, like, if you remember, there was like this whole section where we talked about, uh, we talked about, um, Like, like this whole section on like the SBI pipeline, like where we talked about, why we chose NPE and like, um, some of these checks that we're doing. And I think like as, as, um, the, I mean, I guess as the project's developed a bit, this feels less important because it's kind of like what I'd done at the time, but like it's not really what the project is now. I don't know if this is still... Again, I think that's good introition, honestly. I think often, particularly in these masters project context, right? Like, you kind of have to be willing to accept that a lot of stuff you do is important at the time and is a necessary step, that is not necessarily an important thing to explain externally, right? As to and also that the interim report plays a different role to the final report. You know, the interim report is saying, hey, these are the things that I've actually done because it's more just saying, look, I've kind of concretely stepped through these different bits, but the final report is meant to be a bit more of a polished sort of scientific outcome, you know? Sure, when a clear description of like this is the background and this is the actual stuff I did. Yeah. But less kind of, okay, we implemented this because of this. Okay, yeah, I guess I guess that just kind of what I was going to say related to that is like, um, I, like, there felt like, because I was a pretty lengthy section, but there feels like no good point in how I'd imagine the final report to like kind of talk about that. Apart from maybe when I'm explaining what SBI is or like, maybe I can talk about a brief look for explaining this bit. Yeah, I was going to say, I think it is kind of useful to nonetheless, you know, have a little bit of a discussion around the different methods, for example, and just a bit of background, right? background be an explanation of the methods. So maybe it's like useful to explain, oh, I picked NP and like I amortization is important for this, this and this reason, right? Yeah, exactly. Something like that. The other thing relying on, you know, making sure you are reading some of the literature as well. Yeah. Um, you know, just good quality references at this type of point. Like, you know, there's plenty of SBI reviews out there, for example, like just pointing to those and saying, you know, It's the sort of thing that you, when you write a bit more in the paper context, you'll write a sentence that's something like, you know, there's a wide range of SBI methods that all attempt to be based in influence and then you'll just like cite a particular reference. Okay, okay. I think most of the, and my point is, if you wrote that from scratch, you might have something like, there are loads of SBI methods. There at E. And you end up basically condensing that over time into like one sentence. Now, one sentence might be a little bit minimal, but you see my point, right? References can do a lot of the work for you. Okay, that's interesting. Yeah, okay, I guess once I've written, actually written, all that, that will help us make more sense as well. Um, but like, yeah, um, because I felt like anytime I mentioned, like tried to put this in the, in like, like, it felt like if I put it before when I talk about the KL and like the calibration stuff and what we've actually done, is to detracting from the focus of what we've actually, like, kind of come up with. But then after once I'm talking about examples and specific applications, it doesn't really fit in there either. Um, so I guess I can just sort of, kind of like you said, condense it down and like refer to other papers and stuff to, uh, reduce that a lot. And that I think that can definitely... Yeah, no, indeed. Okay. Yeah, but then apart from that, like, it's pretty much just following our presentation, which is like, um, talking about the TD Gaussians. Oh, you include a lot more diagrams here than the lock of Volterra and then like the CMB stuff that I'm doing. Yeah, I think, again, just on this point, remember the, you know, the people reading this in the Astro context, it's fundamentally a part 3 Astro project, right? They will be by far the most interested in section six. Okay, so then cut these down like quite a lot, I guess. Cutting them down. I mean, I wouldn't necessarily always think about it in terms of amount of content, although, okay, I know there's a page limit, but, um, it's more about how you present it, right? It's about, there's a hierarchy of information when you look at a document, you know, if I give you a document, you should be able to tell what the most important parts are. Yeah. Right? Just by flicking through it. And some of that comes from how you frame it, some of that comes from the length of the sections. Some of it comes from how you, you summarize it at the beginning. Okay. So you can use all of those as kind of tools to... I guess maybe I'd rephrase. To make the readers read it in the way that you actually want them to. Okay, I think I might call it a section on like developing the method and then talk about applications as subsections, and then the only like actual section just on like an application is the CMB one. And that kind of puts it on. Yeah, exactly. Or something like, sometimes people do like, you know, they'll call it like toy examples or something like that. Yeah, yeah, totally. Something, somewhere, just and the whole point, and you make this very clear start, is that, you know, the whole purpose of that is just to highlight, you know, you've got control over the models, you understand the different answers, and it's really just a benchmark and understand the method, right? But then it's very, very clear to people that it's not really the thing you wanted to do, right? It's just a toy example to test everything. And then, you know, you can even write like key application or something like that. Just really hammer it home that, you know, but those are all little details we can talk about those later. Yep, okay. That's fine. That also makes a lot of sense. But yeah, I guess if you're saying that stick to kind of stick to the presentation structure, that makes a lot of sense. And I think it would just be talking about it in a bit more detail with more diagrams to refer to. But, um, Because I, yeah, I have like a massive script that I wrote for these presentations that I never ended up using, so I'm going to sort of... But that's why it's so useful, right? Yeah. You know, you can just take that script and then, you know, you can use it to help draft this. Yeah, that would be really useful. Cool. I think then I'm happy to move on from that if that's, yeah, um, assume anything else to say, but Cool. I guess the other thing is like specifically talking about like some of the results that I've been getting recently, like, um, I'm not sure if you've seen all of these, but like these were just like sensitivity levels I found to like some of the specific tests that I was doing. Um, Yeah. So, like, this was the noise amplitude at the start, and then, um, been with, which I've done now 2 times, uh, with 2 different splits, and they, they, like, when, when I split looking at the same sky through the same telescope, but with different noise realizations, the kaos are a lot smaller than with, um, splitting by, like, odd and even poles. So, can't, the kit in the case were, so like kind of consistent or making sense. The main thing I wanted to talk about was previously, like, uh, my SBI posteriors looked kind of terrible. They're a bit they're a bit jaggy, yeah. Yeah, they were kind of like, I think this is after I switched to a, um, a Gaussian prior. Previously I had a uniform prior and it would come with like multiple peaks. Um, I can maybe show you, uh, Can you, can you see like a VS code? Not at the moment. I just see the... Um, sorry. Let me let me share that again. No, no, no, it's fine. Don worry. Uh, can you see, though, in a moment? Can you see that now? Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah, now, okay. Okay, so I think one thing I said in the email that I mentioned that you might have read was that like previously I was using MCMC sampling with a really small number of samples. And like I was getting like twin peaks, kind of like I was seeing here. when I was using a uniform prior. Um, So that was one thing I wanted to ask about, which was like, Like, uh, Like, it, like how justified am I in using like a Gaussian prior or like, to what extent can I, can I sort of justify doing that? Um, because my logic was if we're assuming that like it's going to be similar to plank values, uh, physically, I have a reason to sort of say this might be a Gaussian centre that like the plank values with some sort of variant. Um, Yeah, I mean, this is something I think that Will will have a much better view on in terms of what people in the CMB community, because that's actually more a community statement, right? Rather than a statistics statement. Sure. It's something about like how well do we understand how... You know, how well do we understand our measurements from other probes, for example, right? Like, you know, say you measure earning a B H squared from. I mean, the other way you can measure that, but is from BBN, for example. Right. An independent pro is your very clear measurement. Those systematics are totally different to the C and B. Yeah. Um, And like, it's pretty good Bayesian practice then to say, okay, that's a good starting point, right? Opening a BH quad mentioned from BBN is typically a bit wider. But you see what I mean? There's not really a right or a wrong answer. Okay. Here. You can look, you know, into choice that you make and you get some answer conditioned on that choice. So nice condition on the choice. But, but, yeah, but it's good to kind of then chat to Will and think about, you know, what is used in in the, in, say, a standard blank analysis. Okay, I think for, because I asked him about this last week and he said, like, it does seem reasonable to him to use like a, like a normal, um, a Gaussian prior. And that made quite a bit of sense. These still look a bit like wobbly even though I sampled more because in terms of my actual training, um, data set size is still relatively small here. Like these are models that are trained on my actual computer rather than like once I've made like a virtual environment on the cluster and like been able to train with... Okay, so I was just checking, you've been you've been using CSD3, right? Uh, yes, I think that's, yeah, I think that's what it's called. Okay good. Whatever whatever the Iowa cluster is, that's the one that I mean. Yeah, um, yeah, okay, good. Yeah, like, that's been, that's allowed you to train, train some proper models, in other words. Yeah, so for example, like these were all done with like 100,000. Okay, good, good, good. So they're look they look a lot better in terms of like... I mean, these look a lot better, right? Yes, meanness once trained. Yeah, I think one question we'll just ask me about was like comparing my posteriors between the null and the systematic, how can the width of the systematic, like, uh, posteriors, like a lot greater than, um, the null bacteria? I, I, I, I think that's potentially like a, like the systematic related because I'm not seeing that in this case, um, when it's a different systematic. But that's one thing. Yeah, no, indeed. And I think this is important to test through a bunch of systematically. I mean, take, for example, like make this plot a few times. I mean, depending on how long it takes to train, there's always a balance between how much you run, whatever. But where you vary the beam systematic and the other thing that I'm going to suggest, I'm going to have to go in a 2nd and I'm really, really sorry. But, um, the other thing I'm going to suggest is that you train, You also get lost curves out of this, right? Yes, yes, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So one very nice plot that you can make is Train the SBI model with increasing amounts of training data. And each and starting from genuinely small, you know, take like a 100 samples, takes no time to train, right? Because it's such a small data set. Um, And it will have some really high loss. Like, it's going to be a rubbish model, in other words. Of course it is. But what you can then do is you can make a plot of loss, the best loss. And if you start overfitting, like you need to pick like the best validation loss or something like this, you might have to roll it back. So you need to do a bit of processing there. Um, But the best loss versus the training set size. And what you should see is you should see that decrease, it should get better as you add more data. Yeah. And when you have saturated your um, Particular architecture. So you've picked an architecture as well, right? So when you when you basically got as much information as you can out of your architecture plus training strategy, that curve will plan out. Yeah, okay. So it's a good question and it allows you to diagnose if I add more data than I'm currently trained this model with. Will my answer get better? And if the curve is still going down, the answer is yes. And if it flattens out, the answer is probably no. And that means that we need to look into other things, things like changing the network architecture or changing the data format or things like that, right? Yep. So it's just a really useful diagnostic where like a lot of the time you think it's a bit counterintuitive because you think, oh, let me train for 100 samples and it obviously looks like absolute trash. Yeah. But what I'm saying is you kind of need that information to build the trend. And then you can understand a bit more clearly what the status is. Yeah, okay. So I would recommend that's one of the things you actually do kind of ASAP. Okay. Because that's pretty much the loss, particularly for NPE, is directly related to the width of these posteriors. But it's you know, it's looking pretty good at the moment. It's you know, not too bad, right? Okay. Certainly for certainly for first, you know, 1st parts of this stuff. Yeah, okay. Cool. That makes sense. And that allows, I guess, for more comparison with these fisher predictions and stuff. Yeah, exactly. Okay. That makes sense. Yeah, and again, just also for those models, like make that plot, but also for the models, just plot the posterior and what, again, what you should see is, um, it should be grease, right? It should get better. Okay, that makes sense. That makes sense. Awesome. Good stuff. I'm working on that. Do you think that's, I say, I'm sorry, I'm going to have to go now, but is that enough for you to kind of keep going on? And then we can catch up next week. Because I think as well as doing this, I'm going to have to be writing as well. So I have a lot of writing both the report and the other application thing as well. So I've got a lot of... Okay. Yeah, we can catch up next week then, especially if you go ahead. Good stuff. Great. Thanks a lot, Jay. Cheers. Thanks for the time. care. No worries. See you later. Bye.