I called this. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Good, thank you. How are you? Good. Yeah. Sorry, I wasn't in today. Sorry, I should have made that clear. I meant on No, no. No worries at too. I was I've got training at the sports centre, like soon on US. So I was in the area. I was working in, so. Yeah, Do you want to maybe tell me your feedback from the practice presentation you had last week? Sorry, I wasn't there. I think I think what David said was that it was good. So I got up to the point of talking about everything involving TD gas, lock of oterra, and gave sort of a bit of a preview of what I'm going to be doing on on the CMB side of things. And all David really said was just make sure you get some results and put them in because I spoke quite well, I think, for like 15 to 16 minutes on everything else up to that point. And he said it was good in terms of the amount of words I had on the slide and the fact I was able to kind of talk without a script for all of that time and add the detail. And it seemed like people were following along quite well. I think I explained things, probably to the rum of people I was talking to you, Overexplained a little, but I think that's fine for that room. It won't be true Yeah, in the actual presentation. I think a few things like SBI and what a systematic is, like when I've spoken to other part three students, they've not known exactly what they are. So I've taken a minute. I'd like to explain each of those, for example, that probably was maybe red or just you know I have detail I went into explaining things like they probably picked up a lot quicker than part three students would, but um yeah, I think the only feedback I got like, I think the way I spoke was good, the the sliceberg was good. It was just to add some add some CMB stuff, which I've done now. Yeah, okay, perfect. Sorry, I'm just download loading it. Yeah, I think since the ones I've got to present with those slides, I think, because they're the ones I submitted, but I've also got some results now in the for like be the beam width case. Okay, perfect. So I when I flick through your slides, um, yeah, I think all of these things sounded good. I guess we'll see tomorrow as well. One comment was, I think having one more slide, like you've got this one. So if I understood this correctly, I mean, of course, it's always hard to go through someone's a presentation without hearing what they have to say, because that is more than half of it, right? Like, you know, if you, if you have a lot of texts, that's really helpful when you're looking at the slides, you understand what they're talking about, but that doesn't normally make a good presentation. So like what you've done, I think is good. And so presumably here, you were going to talk through just the setup of this is what the kind of model is for this. Volterra and then and then you're going to constrain it. I think if you have time having a similar one for the 2D Gaussians, I know it's a trivial thing, but you want to set, generally, you want to walk the people through as much as possible if you can. So, you know, having the same forward like, this is the problem and, you know, this is this is our results kind of thing. Okay, sure, sure sure. that was my only kind of comment here. Otherwise, yeah, I guess I'll see you tomorrow because I'm going to come and listen to see what you'll say. Sure we can have more be back on that then. yeah, and so my one comment about the CB maybe you want to talk me through your latest results or because my one comment here was something that I mean, in some sense you've just started working on this, so it makes sense. And we haven't had time to shout about it too much. The increase in the noise altitude isn't maybe necessarily the parameter I would have gone for this. Sure. And we can just gust to that afterwards. Maybe even just rescaling of the signal, for example, between the two splits might have been more a. That's what we would call a calibration uncertainty. Sure. Just because actually the way people construct estimators for this is that it's actually not sensitive to the noise and so it's a bit of a clever trick. We could talk about in detail. afterwards, if you're interested. it means that this isn't too relevant a problem. Sure. Just in case someone on your committee who's assessingate is the CMB side, it's good to adjust things as much as possible towards that. Sure, okay. that makes sense. I thought it was to do with, like, um your telescope has some associated noise, like random noise with it, and when they heat up that there might be some like like if over like a year like you compared the results from a year ago to the results from now and there was like a slight like statistical difference that's due to your detector like having a slight heating up or I was reading about maybe like if you have ground telescopes and there's like more water vapor in the air, that could also cause like a tiny little offset as well. Yeah, so those things are important, but the way people deal with them is a bit more subtle. in fact, what you typically do is, and this is a trivial example, but kind of makes sense, is instead of just taking your data and making a power spectrum measurement right. So. Yeah, as I say, this is this is more just that we've only kind of got to this part of the project now, so it makes sense. Right. So your signal, power spectrum looks like this, right? And so we've been adding white noise like this, and Right, so what was I going to say? Yeah, so what people typically do is just a really simple thing, which is if you make maps of your data, so your data is going to be a draw from the power spectrum above, you know, Black plus blue. But if you make if you divide your data in not in the way that we've been talking about before, in the way of, well, in an identical way that we've been talking about before, where you make two splits. But this case, you're making random splits of your data. Like, so example, a simple example might be you put all the data from Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Sunday in here or something like that. And then here, this isn't exactly even, but you know what I mean. And then you put here, Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday, right? Yeah. So here the detector noise is going to be going to be different just because it's different days. Right? Or you could do this different hours. You know, there are numerous different ways. And then if you compute, so your power spectrum, you recall rate, is the CL is given by the way you estimate it, right? Is is through the spherical harmonic coefficients, right? times their complex conjugate. And then you the variance. The you some, exactly, then you sum over the M modes, right? Like this and divide by 2 L plus 1. Yeah, yep, yep, yep. So the idea here is that you actually do this with two different two or multiple. Typically, people use four, sometimes eight. You use different spherical harmonic coefficients here. So you use the Monday, Wednesday, Friday, signal here and the Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday signal here. Okay. And then you can see, you know, if I can imagine riding out my AMs as being some part of the sky, right, plus some noise, and then this other one is going to be some part of the sky, plus a different noise realization in prime then if you're your noise has zero a mean, which it does, okay then you can see that this expectation, you're going to get the expectation of SS, right? Plus expectation of Anyway, you could see how this is going to go right. et cet, right. And the key point is that the final term is an N prime and these are uncorrelated, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So basically this is kind of like using a very similar thing to we've been discussing, but as a simple way of mitigating the noise, right? So how this fits in the context of our project is people also do this in the way Now we can think of like a meta analysis, right? So if our pipeline is always to take data divided into two uncorrelated parts and make a power spectrum like this, you can think about doing this, let's see. What you want to do is imagine exactly what you were saying, so what you had read up is exactly correct. So on days where there's more, we call it acipitable water or PWV then sorry, PWV. When this is high, your noise level your noise level is going to be higher. Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so that means your measurement is noisier, but actually what we're most worried about is, like, there's kind of a complex, complex coupling of these things. Okay, It's kind of cool how these detectors work, so these detectors work, where they sit at they sit at this superconducting boundry. Now, I'm going to get this sketch wrong because I don't work on the instrument enough. Let's see. So.. This is plot of resistance versus temperature. Yeah. And so when the temperature of these changes very rapidly, your resistance changes very rapidly. And so these detectors are not only capped at this level and And so small changes in the temperature lead to large changes in the resistance is one way of thinking about it. Okay, yeah. And so when you have more PWV, when you have more atmosphere, basically, you sit on a different pint of this relationship. Your detectives basically are seeing more relation, more light all the time, and you worry that the relationship between resistance and sky intensity, which normally receives small amounts up here, might be different. So what's the noise is different, you actually mostly worry about, like, does it have some impact on the sky signal up here, which is what we care about. Okay, fine, fine, fine, fine. But what you were reading was right, and, you know, sorry, we could have discussed this before. But the stuff you're discussing about the beam and things is interesting. And in some sense, we're just trying to develop the pipeline for this framework of notice, so it doesn't matter too much if this isn't the right effect, right? But it's just probably in the report, we want to switch it around just. Okay, sure, sure. It was more of like I wanted to do something. Yep, yeah. No, I think I meant 100% think what you've done is great and interesting. So, yeah, this wasn't a criticism. Yeah, sure, sure. It's actually really interesting to learn like that this is really cool. Because I didn't know the specific names of stuff you just said, but like I've got written down now, so I'll read back over it. Yeah, and that's quite technical to bring your project yeah, if you're interesting of course techn learn about it. But you know, the key things are the statistical treatments that you've been doing. Yep, sure. So that was just one comment. But then then we can move on. So this was a test when you increased the noise amplitude by 20%, right? Yeah. Is that the correct understanding of this? And then 2% and then 0.4% and that's saying 0.4% is the level you're able to detect. which is good. And that's probably, you know, I would have expected a very small number for this, right? So for the beam miscalibration, it's sensitive if you're at 0.075% is what. Okay. I don't know if how reasonable.. Could you maybe share your results? Yeah, I was going to say, I've got I've got them here. We can talk about. But. Yeah, yeah, that's basically what I'm going to talk through is like, I tried this perturbation of the noise. Like, here's a data realization. You can see it's even at 20% it's hard to detect, but we have sensitivity up to this really fine level. That's kind of the point I wanted to make. And then say these are the systematics I to explore now further. But yeah, I think now that. I think the thing to take away for tomorrow is mostly like, you know, trying to give a presentation that emphasizes what you've done but delivers it in a clear way so that if you're not someone who's familiar with SBI or familiar with these kinds of things, that they can follow and understand, which, you know, some people and the committee might not be that familiar with it. So I think that's the key thing. Yeah. Okay, yeah. I'll share these results. Okay. I think this is probably... Can you see the computer? It's the loading. Yep, yep. Okay. I think these are the results that I've included in the PowerPoint, so this was talking about the noise aptitudes. But yeah, I made some notes on what physically they represent, but 20% increase, we detect it. 20% increase, we detect it and find sensitivity at the 0.4 level. Yeah, great. Similarly, I've done to the beam width, it's like beam FWHM I think it was called, like the parameter. I think you started, like in the compression code you gave me, you started at five. So I just started with that level of five and like multiplied it again by some multiplier. I started. In case anyone else you, that's a level of a beam that's equivalent to something like the Plan satellite. Okay, the satellite people worked at before. So that's kind of a number for that. just in case it comes up. Okay, makes sense as well because that's the like videoucial parameters and stuff that we used, right? Like, yeah, okay. I started at 5%, starting lower. This was detected. Then I like the thing I was finding with this and maybe I need to optimize my code a bit more is like, every time you're calling like camp to like, generate like a data realization to like feed training model, especially when we're calibrating, we need like, um data to like calculate. We need like observed data sets to like conditional posteriors on. So we're doing multiple calls and like the code takes quite a while. Yeah. So you're probably notice that in the code, like, so Cam will take, like, depending on the accuracy settings, this is an unfortunate thing. It's quite slow. There is some neural network versions of Cam, which will speed it up that we can discuss. if I can send you a link to, but they require you installing tensive flow and a bunch of. I I think it'll be fine. what I've been trying to sort out and I've been emailing the help desk about this is like getting onto the cluster and like using some of their computing resources. It's just like, I've misplaced my password. It's the most annoying annoying reason to not be able to. But I'm sorting that out, but I just think like, because my computer itself has like eight core so I need a bit more than that yeah. But once that's. What I was going to say is so there are two stages like there's, you know, you get your theory prediction, right? And so this is Cam and this will be somewhat slow. And, you know, one option is that you can so for some of these things, depending on whether you're varying the cosmology or not, if you're keeping the cosmology fixed, right, you can compute this part once and then the beam part comes later, right? So the way the code works is, you know, you, well, I should check out the codeworks. But the beam part is just a simple function. This thing is like instantaneous to calculate and it impacts your signal in this way. And so this part could be done like separately and it's basicallyaneous and similarly, like once you've got the theory thing, drawing the drawing your ALMs, this should be like, you know, like maybe not instantaneous, but like very fast as well. Okay, I'll look into that. Yeah. You can, yeah, it might just help for debugging and things and just run can once and then that's the slow part. So what I wanted to talk about was. I've done. So yeah, I found sensitivity at like this is 0.075% level, right? So we're sort of saying if you have a. I guess, I guess, yeah. So the interesting thing, I guess, it was like, I did, I did one test at the point1% perturbation and it wasn't found. But my sensitivity is less than that at 0.075. So I was then considering, is that like, bad or is something going wrong? But then I thought about the definition that we have, which is, we're saying the median has passed it, so 50% of values are are detected essentially, right? Or 50% of the time at a 0.075% increase in you're being with, you'll detect two different posteriors. And I think what I'd have to check is, and I started running. Sorry, yeah, sorry. What is your, just to go back to this now? Sorry. So I'm looking at this and the blue points of a null distribution, right? Yeah, so this is correct? There's a null cove, like when you're training with just training data that has no systematic added, right? Exactly, right. So that's So that's your blue historyogram. That's the blue histogram on the top. Right. And then there's black point, which is the threshold we've been discussing is the the 95 Sorry, the red is the threshold value based on like just the points you've got in your Instagram. And I've also marked on, what did we observe on our actual observe data, right, which is the black line. So if we've got the black line to the left, that sort of saying, this wouldn't have been detected at our 95% level. So also, separately, we had like the cut the calibration curve, when you add a perturbation to the training data to generate the histogram. So that's the bottom two. So just to go back to this then, right? So, yeah, I agree. So you're saying that 0.1% level isn't detected. Isn't detected on our observed data, but when I.. But then why do you say you're sensitivity is 0.075 So when I did the the criteria we had or two segma sensitivity is what we called it, right? Which was that the median of your perturbed histogram is greater than the critical value of your unperturbed histogram. But I you still get values that will fall from like a se 0% test that are under your critical level. So I think that was exactly the same like. I guess, concern that I had when I was cling the sensitivity and I found this value and then I looked at this and said, oh, but even at a higher perturbation, I wasn't detected. But I think if I plot the curve of the perturbed curve for 0.1% significance level, there'll be enough mass of like maybe it'll be 30 or 40% that's but like to the left of our critical value. So don't know it's. Well, if we're saying that the medium value is the sensitiveity is when the medium value of the black matches the red. Is it right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, so then that should say there should be 50% of the the values above it. Yeah, 50% above it, right? So maybe if at 0.075, 50% of the, maybe at 0.01, like only 30%, like 70% of the value are above it, but 30% on. And maybe that's not the definition we should be using, though.. That was just the concern that I had what I wanted to kind of ask. What Yeah, I I need to think about it this, but I might think, actually that, um. I was concerned, but. That we want five. We want 95% of the probability mass to be above this point. Okay, that would make sense as well. I think that makes more sense. Sure. what we're saying with this 95% no threshold is that if we're above this,, yeah, but if we're above this, there's a fight, doesn't chance. There's a 5% chance that there's no partivation, right? There's no systematic. Yeah, and I think.. So we would be saying. What you want to say is.. It's for. So these are, in some sense, these are two different levels, but. So I guess what we're saying currently is 50% of the time, there's a 5% chance of no systematic and 95% chance of a systematic. Yeah. So maybe that's not the most strong statistical statement, but.. Yeah, I think probably... So, do you think it would be better to consider the, like the like 5%, rather than the median, which is a 50th percentile, maybe a different percentile? well, it's gonna depend on what. So there are two statements that we're making, right? Yeah. And we need to be careful not to conflate them. The first of your critical value, right, is like under, like. Under the know. Yeah, is it just a general statement, which is like, if my KL is greater than 0.13 is it or something? Uh, yeah Yeah.3. 1.3, sorry. Then if it's greater than this, there's only a 5% chance that there's no systematic. Yeah. So that's one question. And then the second question is, given that we have a systematic obssize, like 0.1% or is that the level in this bottom one? In the bottom one, this was at 0.075. Yeah, so this says that at that level, we have a 50% chance of detecting a two soup of detecting it at two sigma. Yeah. Yeah. So it's, yeah, I think it's fine. It's just It might be better to make this 95% because then this says we would be able to detect this at our two Sigma threshold for detecting something would be, which is the same as the one above, would be a larger level, I guess. Okay, yeah, fine. So you're saying instead of finding when the 50th percentile crosses the 95% threshold, you should do a 95% of the values are above the threshold. I think so. Okay, that makes sense. Either is fine. just require more explaining, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. In the first case, you're talking about two sigma rejecting the n hypothesis and then in this case you're saying with this like, what like, yeah, with this level of systematic, what is the chance that I would be able to detect it at two sigma? And this is this is when you have a 50% chance of detecting it from two sigma. Yeah. And yeah, maybe matching these. Oh no, this is kind of a somewhat minor thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. To me, maybe we can go back, I think this is great. It seems like also you've got this part of the pipeline, I would say like pretty pretty nailed down in like, you understand how it all works. You can run it easily and all of that makes sense. Is that is that fair enough? Yeah, yeah, yeahep yeah. I think that that's great. So the thing that might be worth thinking about is like thinking a little bit more about the compression we're doing now and and thinking about that. I think I give you did I give you five parameters? Is that correct? Yeah, you you. A. Omega B and NS, is it? Yes, yes. Yeah, okay. So. Yeah, I think doing a try a systemstematic, which is an overall amplitude, of the power spectrum. and see what sensitivity you get to that. Okay. So, like, if you multiply your two splits by one plus, I don't know, a number there, it will be interesting to see what that number is. Sure. Because the compression will actually be fairly optimal for detecting that parameter because it's very similar to this AS parameter. Okay, sure, sure. Makes sense. Otherwise, yeah, this is great. Cool. Yeah, I think. Yeah, I probably should make a note of that for my presentation to explain what I mean by we detect sensitivity at this level.Cause that's something I mentioned initially in in the TD Gaussian case, and it may be a bit easy to explain then and then carry the kind of definition forward. Yeah, exactly. I think that's the kind of perfect thing is to like in some sense, you're saying the same thing three different times, which is like, this is the motto, this is like what our calibrated statistic looks like here, and this is how you would use it to detect the systematic. In this case, the offset of the meetings are in this case, you know, a beam noise level.. Yeah. Cool. Okay, great. But no, in general, I think this is great, and it's very nice to see. Cool. I'm glad. It's good. Yeah, so look, I guess I'll see you tomorrow at the presentation then. Yep. Cool. Yep. Yeah, great. I'll have a think about what you said. Maybe I'll switch it to 95. I'll ask maybe. I've just seen James inside. I might actually just ask his opinion on that he's busy. Yeah, I think either is kind of fine. It's just kind of complicated. Yeah, you just have to explain explain it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it sounds like you actually understand what's going on in these two cases. It's just making it finding which, I think the key to this is not an understanding issue. Either definition is fine. The question is in your presentation. Like, which one can you explain in like a clear succinc manner in? I guess seeing as I'm not able to change the slides that I'm presenting on, I'm going to have to stick to this definition for now. So But yeah, yeah But in the long run, you can think about which one is like easier to explain because you know, part of it, you don't want to have to spend a long time explaining something in a convoluted manner if it's an easier way of doing it. Sure. But that's something to work on on how you present it. Okay, I think what I would do then is the main thing I will try is you told me to actually change the amplitudes themselves, right, and see like how that's detected. So that's pretty, that's the next test I'll try and run and kind of, or see what results I get. Okay, great, great.. Amazing. Cool. Okay, well, I see I'll see you tomorrow then. Yep. Yeah, perfect. Great. Take care. Thanks for the cool. Bye. Bye.