process could have a like it could be that you're doing some weird kind of measurement method that isn't positive definite. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know you're measuring somehow like a current and it could be. Yeah, okay. that makes sense. And so providing your forward model includes these things, in principle, it shouldn't be a problem for the framework. Sure. Just means the form of your likelihood is different. Sure, okay.c the intution I was having was like, we're adding noise to represent that when we take observations, it's not always an accurate process. But you can't, even with noise and negatively count an atom also like I don't know that this seemed read it on physical, but I understand what you're saying now as well. So and these are the new posteriors? These are no, these are the prior predictive checks, just seeing if they cut like falling... That your prior samples, correctly observe through. Sorry. Yeah, that your true value falls into your price support. Yeah. I think what I've seen as like, this third one I should have shifted the prior a bit because even in the other plot I show you for like the second split, it will look relatively similar. But then this is after training. I saw like a pretty big improvement in like your range for two of your parameters. Like, we're fing pretty much. So, this was before and this is now. This is before we made the changes. The old prior and the old, like noise and stuff. So I saw this was just like training training a lot better. Yeah, that looks that looks much more sensible to me now. Which tree.. So, yeah, and also noting, I'm stopping off to 150, but I think for this it would probably go for a real long time shing for the sake of comeience. You also asked to plot posteriors together? Yeah. So I've done a pair plot with both overlaids, so you can sort of. see that. And this is like all for split this is also so far splitting by first half and second half. Okay. And then I've done a KO calibration and I've got a value of. Ierved 20, but my critical val is 25. Okay. So for this, I wouldn't have. I don't know, like maybe it's not. I wouldn't have rejected my offer, for example, in this case. If you go back to your posteriors, it would be good to also have the 2D versions here, right? So I think I think we mentioned there are a few different libraries that one can use that can plot. Like, I don't know. one I use a lot, and this is more for MTMC is chain consumer, which allows you to plop, like multiple chains on top of each other. So you could get something like this, right? Okay. Okay. The 1D's already very helpful, but if you could plot the 2D ones as well, right? Okay, yeah, yeah.. These are more, I think, cosmologists tend to have built lots of machinery to do comparing 2D marginals where actually, because SBI is a bit more generally focused. They provide this as a default. I see, I see. It's quite hard to actually, yeah, it's essentially the colour maps don't you can't be overlay two colour maps. Unless you have the other one, it's contours, it's that. But But it's all kind of the same information. These are already look quite. Yeah, I think the marginals, the 1D marginals are usually pretty informative. But you have quite a complex posterior shape is the reason I, you know, like this isn't like cosmology of us also looks like these nice Gaussians, but this has a lot of rich structure. I see. It is actually more, it will be quite interesting to make sure that there's significant overlapping in those spaces. But there already looks a lot better. Yeah, yeah I thought so. This was quite, for me, at least useful to see, because I'm expecting, for example, some sort of divergence looking at this parameter and this parameter, maybe less if I was only looking at like this, but I can And just remind me so what are the sort of what are the prior ranges on these like Beta? Because these are now the model parameters, right? These are the model parameters. I don't. It's in my code. I don't know the specific one. Because again, that's often quite a useful check is to see how much it's actually shit like narrowed inwards. Yeah, how much have you actually compressed? Compressed. Okay. Because yeah, that sort of tells you.. It's Because sometimes that's another a visual way of understanding if you've added too much noise, then you won't have actually you'll sort of get the prior back, I. So those kind, again, that it's similar to those sort of prior predictive checks on the data summaries, but you can do a similar thing on the parameters as well. I may, and I might be making this up. I might have plotted with the limits being your original pri limits. I feel like that's something I did, but I'm not interested. Yeah, it makes sense. Prier is logarithmic, right? So it's's sort of flat. Yeah, yeah. But, yeah. I guess your point is it's still shrinking significantly if the range is set by your priority that like you have no support Yeah. I think I think that's that's where I did. But yeah, I now got like a KO value, like typical values of around well I know maybe 15 here, but I wanted to make sure with the changes I do for like other split as well, splitting by even on. And then she did this. So this is using, did you put a log normal prior? it on all of the four parameters? All the four parameters. And does that, because you were seeing a lot of messages like things outside messages like we were gone now. Yeah, because I suspected that was kind of, yeah, if you can't have negative values for these problems. And again, this is where like the physical model is kind of is that makes sense. The only other thing I did before I moved to splitting by Odd even was I did that 3% perturbation in the Lxs population as well for one of your splits and compared the two kale groths you got. And what I found was for splitting my first half and a second half. There's not really much of a. difference, right? It's less sensitive to this change. Yeah. Now I did with the. I'm sorry, all of these are with the plon noise or the Gaussian noise. Sorry? Split one had Passon added, split the Gaian. Oh, I see. Okay. I thought about this too, because I thought like, it could change. Better structure is you have the whole thing with Passon and then you just had Gaussian to one. Or just like the whole thing is Passon and you just divide it in half. Because in some sense Yeah, well, maybe we can return to this at the end, right? Sure. But that was the results I got when I split my first and first and second. Now I split by odd and even, so the trajectories themselves are longer, but there's less points trajectory of added the noise to each. I think a similar story of when I added calcium noise, I like dip below, but And in a similar case, the first blade as you add priceite noise and the second one, you add Gaussian noise. Yeah, but that's the idea. That was the note I just real mentioned that. Now I've got my posterior split plotted on the same axes again. I think here these have narrowed more and I'm expecting less divergence, just looking at alpab beta, cameras as well, there's a bit more divergence here, but compared to the last posteriors overlaid, like I'm expecting her to be less than a sort of kale, looking at it. And then when I actually calculated it as well, that's exactly what I found. which makes sense, because Orin even versus first and second. Yeah, this should be much more correlated. So yeah, I've put those two notes. And now the 3% effect is something. Oh, no, 3% is below. But this is just just This is just like, this is o even, this is for a second. And you can kind of see that the mean has mean value is like around one here, it's around 15 here. So I thought that was quite useful to look at like your critical values like 10 versus5. But then, yeah, when I add this 3% thing as you just sort of mentioned, this is more sensitive to that effect, like the critical valueue shifted a lot more compared to when I added for first and second half. So maybe this. I was thinking of what this means, like this data split is more sensitive to that systematic or Yeah, I think just the data splits are so tightly correlated that a smaller shift. Well, you see this in your posteriors, right? In that for alpha and beta, oh, sorry, I hope you don't mind me scrolling. Yeah, of course. Like, alpha beta, these posteriors is like almost completely on top of each other. Yeah, that makes sense in that like the data points are so tightly correlated that one would expect to express. And that means if you have a systematic, it's it will shift the perimeters by the same amount in both cases, but as you're expecting the parameters to be the same. makes sense. I think that makes sense. One question with you were drawing now the the noisy version of the time series data that you're sort of training on? Yes. So it is effective is this the number of data points that you're generating? So I generate a trajectory from 0 to 400, and in the first case, I'm just chopping in half. And in this case, I'm taking what you need and then I've added the like. What I said was like, you have to do the same exact thing to your observed data to your training data. So the only thing I would say because these are actually quite big time series in some things now. So actually like, especially for, which is fine, and actually is quite reasonable. But that doesn't mean it might take quite a long time to train to sort of profferverories. So you might see some sort of noise and I think that kind of looks a bit like able to. I think I've met like, yeah, I've said, I'm stopping after 150 epochs of training, right, which I think it would run for like. Yeah, which is why, because I think what Will was kind of sort of agrees like, there's some slight these funky things happening in these 2D pictures, which those could just be sort of training artifacts for this, especially given again, the thing with SBI is you kind of you're if you look at what you're actually doing is you're generating these quite long time series now and then you're training in your own network to take in all of that as input. Yeah. So without some so often or actually, wait actually, no, is this, are you feeding in the compressed the summary statistics as data? summary statistics. Okay, so then you don't see this kind of thing. Okay, that's fine. Yeah. Okay, but it still looks like it could be something to do with training, I guess then. Yeah. Yeah, that's kind of, it's a useful point to think about. It's actually if you, the raw data, your summary statics are sort of compressing that. So then you are somewhat, again, you're limited by what your summary statistics can pick up, essent. No, no, that makes sense. I think. The more position you have, obviously, you should get a better estimate of your summary statistic. Yeah. But then it has to be well chose. So again, it's all this kind of trade-off and Sure. compression is actually quite an, it's sort of the hidden, most important part of SBI is how you actually just compress your data. Sure, sure, sure that makes sense. But yeah, sorry, that was me forgetting, but yeah, yeah.. So what I was going to say before is actually, what I had first had in mind was actually that you add the same type of noise to the two different splits, right? Because in some sense, having different noise in the two things, is like having like this systematic offset. Yeah, okay, yeah. And you know, that's not necessarily a problem. It just means you your test is doing something different. Like, in this case, you're kind of imagining that you have two different types of detectors, right? Like, what does a encounter and and what is a Gaussian and you're interested like count is different kind of thing. Yeah, like how did that does that have any systematic bias on parameters? Sure, sure, sure. Which is like. Just start change alone is actually quite a good and useful test for precisely what you're looking at without having to introduce other things potentially. I would say, but. Yeah, does that make sense? Yeah, no, no, that makes a lot of sense, because I'm starting to now, like the more conversations you have you, like adding these noises like imagining I'm measuring stuff in the world with a detector and thinking about when I say I'm having a certain type of noise, it's like how I'm meuring it rather than like this sort of just thing. You could imagine riding like a Bayian hierarchical model for this, right? So you originally have some model, which generates your, you know, your two time series of the predator praise, and then you have another process, which is like given the number of predators in praise, like my observed number of predators app praise in one case is like a poissonant and the other one is is a gapsian samppl, right? It's also, I think this is quite an interesting case of using your neural network on the uncompressed data so you can look at this and you could tell apart a drawer from each model because there is a summary statistics that would be optimal for this, which is is anything below zero and that would immediately distinguish perfectly between the two. So if you put that in as a feature, you should get perfect identification of those two splits, right. So it's kind of, it's an interesting test case and precisely that. I see. And you can tell quite easily which one is different. So then it tells you how good your summary statics are somewhat. If you can see visually, but there isn't. And often for the for the kind of CMB type examples, you won't be able to see visually because often that's, you know, you're rejecting things that are not that obvious or the correlation, the way you inject correlations into those analyses is a bit different, but actually because this has a really clear. It's quite an an intuitive example, I think, of the sort of thing. Maybe just one example thing to test is. So imagine doing your whole thing that you add press on noise and do so both of these head press on noises and look at what the KL distribution looks like and then, you know, then apply to your data with, well, compare it to your KL distribution that you've got at the moment. Okay, yeah. Like, could you tell from your summary statistics, like, this difference? Because this is an example of a kind of thing, right? And at some level, one would expect that that you wouldn't get a bias from having these two different types of noise, but it depends on your summary statistic shoink. As you said, if you if you have something that measures the number of points below zero, that would immediately differentiate between the two of them. Okay, yeah, that makes sense. So I' add the same kind of noise compared it to when you're adding different fun of noises and you. That's a systematic that you could test for. I see. And that's is the kind of thing that people do is they enumerate different changes of your instrument, and lots of them you don't expect it to have an impact on your result. Like as we said, maybe one, like this wouldn't. but you do these tests to find out actually, you know, is that assumption true? Sure it wouldn't be true if you had the set of summmary statistics. Sure. Well, a different set of summary statistics. Sure. But high point. I think this looks so much better. Like your sort of posteriors in your parameters, they look reasonable now. And so I think modular is a sort of lumpiness, which, yeah, I suspect probably is you just need more, more training and more points. But that's the thing that you can run and forget. I think as a whole, this looks like pretty complete and I think pretty nice it comes to point yeah, I think when we were suggesting last week looking at the sort of there are linear models, which would be simpler, but I think this looks reasonable enough to be, you know, if you're thinking about what your report would look like, this would be kind of an obvious section or however you want to phrase it in there. Yeah, yeah. And it looks like this kind of material would be perfect for showing, you know. I might say we don't even need to go back to the millennium model. Yeah, so. I don't know if you necessarily need to do that. If you're quite happy. And if all the sort of change, as you kind of get a bit of an intuition for like changing things and seeing how it should respond in these things and it seems to be holding, then that's usually a good test that you actually kind of getting there with this. So, you know, I think, yeah, what happened was like, I was just initially most interested in looking at this. So I started doing this first.. I got to a point of like, okay, I've done everything I think I can. And then I started working on the linear model. So like I've I got a code, like that's like going now. cool. I mean, yeah. This should be much cleaner, essentially. A lot of the patterns you see should repeat here, but it should be much cleaner just because it's much simpler system. And you can still have this in a story of a report, right? Like if you start with a trip, like a simple model where everything's very easy trying to understand then present more complex examples.. And so I think that it's not useless. Yeah, yeah, I've not completely like finished. I was doing this like probably as most this morning, right? But it's a lot simpler to work with, but I started doing like the sort of splits and like saying, I've got the way they added noise off I spotted the example that you sent was sort of it's a normal distribution, but they shift the mean slightly and they shift the variant slightly. So I'm, this is now like a question, I guess, based on kind of what you're saying. Would we do the same shift in both splits and sample it twice or different different? Yeah. I think I had to leave before last time we were discussing this model. So this model is what is the structure of this? So I think we took this from one of the, again, from another another one of the notebooks from theBI. It's a 2D Gaussian, I think it. But I think it's a it's a sort of Gaussian parameters with Gaussian. Gaervation. Gaussian prior, Gaussian likelihood. Okay. And so your observations are just draws from this, right? Yeah, yeah. Your observations, yeah. And your preameters you're trying for the mean and Yeah, I think it's it's just the mean. Like I've written it all down because one thing James said was doing analytically once on a piece of paper and then do it in SBI and then like overlay it two and see if they line up perfectly right? I've not got to the point of overlayain but like I've done the maths on like I went back to my Wby stats notes and did worked through a few examples, some I'm confident, I know, like why I do. need to practice for tomorrow anyway. Yeah, Maybe it's too easy I don't know. Yeah. Yeah, they've got.. So in that case, I guess I would just divide your data into two. So you have a, I guess, a bunch of 2D samples from your 2D Gaussian and then fit two. So I would just divide that number of samples in two as your split. Yeah, that's exactly it. Because I thought that these are all independent, so there's no like first second or even on. It's just like, I'm going to take some samples here I'm going to take some samples here. And maybe a systematic, you can introduce this a mixing matrix so that you're obs observations are like a matrix... So you're imagining that you're.. I don't know. You can just think of. Sure, sure. I try to think of something like that. Yeah, detect the degree of rotation. Exactly. So if it's adding diagonal noise or the Gaussian that you're simulating data from is diagonal, then you can sort of imagine adding small off diagonal elements to that and then that introduces essentially some correlation.. It's only a 2D thing probably, but like it's that's the kind of nice thing it's actually quite hard to. It should be easy for a machine to pick up, but a small amount of correlation is actually quite hard for a human. Okay, that's that's a pretty good idea. That's interesting. Yeah, because literally, like, you're only adding noise on diagonal elements and you're adding noise to the mean. So I thought, I'll try different noises, different means, and see if I get back to the same.. That works too as well. It's just shifting the size of the increasing size of the mean or shifting. That makes sense. I'llll try that too, because I think once I've got the machinery like fully set up, it'll be pretty, pretty quick to do. And was the an example of a postary train? This is No, this is a product. I'm just checkinging if a prior supports the observation now. I have a posterior I've trained here. Okay, yeah, that looks. That's like you can tell that's really compressedared to the. Yeah. If that's your prior range, yeah, this is the prior, this is like a sample from the prior. sampling over my my posterior I'm scented around my true value, essentially. So that's worked pretty well. I need to probably just that this can go. Yeah. You're maybe a bit too scentered if I've understood what that's supposed to be. Sorry, could you explain that again? This is your posterious distribution versus the truth, I've generated my posterior, I've taken like 10,000 samples, and I've put them into my simulator with the noise. and I said, my observed value, what is that compared to my life? So this is like a.. It's not a comparison of the input cur versus your posterior values. Okay, here. This is like simulated forwards. Yeah, okay. This is the actual like theater, like the theater that my part of my posteria that has that's what. Okay, third all looks good then, right? Yeah. So yeah, like once this trains and then I have the two posteriors to compel, I can do the sort of similar KO tests and it's just I was working through like adapting a code this morning but I was pretty. doesn't mean it's easy to adapt it the third time when we do the CMB case. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry, maybe you're streamlining it each time in a slightly more. It's quite good because I'm understanding really what each bit actually does. So like I know what to get rid of and what to change. But yeah, I think hopefully once that's done, like I can I'm pretty confident in the method or like, like I understand what's going on. I think with this looks great. Yeah, maybe the only comment out of here is turn up the bias that yourre shifting from 3%. I think last time you showed like I was at one three. I did the three. Yeah, something like that. And then, yeah, maybe 10% one just showing, but you should detect that. Sure, sure, sure. Because then that completes the narrative of like, here is the case with an egregious systematic and we this test was obviously obviously select rejected. Yeah, I think this is like a like, yeah, modular, maybe some more samples and I think yeah, training it for a bit longer as well. It's cool. That's all stuff that it's a bit difficult when you're trying to build it, then you don't want to have exhaustive people training, right? So it seems that the pattern looks sensible and yet it's the kind of thing where for final, you know, figures for the report, you would obviously what's running for every long time, but that's hopefully something you don't need to stick all the time. I think, like, I've got some friends on that have maybe projects they're also quite computational I want to speak to because I've had training for the highper performance computing stuff and like some of the no machine stuff as well but it didn't really sink in because it's just you kind of throw like so much information at you for an hour or two. It's probably more of a reference, though, I think at least. for some of these things like. Because I think that there's stuff in terms of like if I can create a package and then have it in Linux and send it to like some server, but I don't think I need to do that. You've just You probably don't to be honest for this kind of stuff, you might be well off just looking at like Google Colab and using this sort of free GPs there because that's one of the nice things about this. Again, that's not by no means necessary for this as you've seen for this kind of stuff, we can often get run even on just your CPU. But it can be quite nice, especially, yeah, like it's a nice thing to have some experience running stuff on GPUs because there's lots of, especially jobs and things like that which is one of the things that sounds quite good to have done. Sure. I think it is a good skill. It is a good skill to have in general going forward and the easiest way to get into that, in my opinion, I mean, obviously we have more dedicated resources for that, but Google Collab free online is actually a good way to just have a little play around with that. Sure rather than worrying on using learning how to use the code on a GPU, not learning how to use slur or whatever thating system is for accessing the GPUs. Sure, sure, sure. So you should be able to sort of copy up copy. I mean, it's quite simple to begin with because you can just sort of copy a bunch of things in and you can pip install SBI or whatever on there. Okay, fine, fine, fine. And then this sort of at least it'd be a bit harder when you start you start building sort of CMB simulator code or whatever it was to like more bespoke things. okay makesakes sense. It can be a useful thing to do. Yeah, okay. I don't know whether you would agree with that will or is that but I think the CMB stuff, we were going to do a very simple example. And so I think you might have maybe one or two more parameters, but otherwise, like, I think we'll try and do a compression that's a similar dimension. And so, you know, we're trying to demonstrate it on the smallest interesting example, right? Like the point isn't to necessarily go into a like a realistic example where they have hundreds of nuisance parameters and things. It's just like Sure. The point of this project was the idea that kind of we're looking at now in some sense. Yeah, okay. That's good. But in a CB case, we can try it against what people already do and see, is this kind of test powerful compared to what people already do or could something better be done? Okay, makes sense. Cool. Yeah, okay. I'm pretty like I'm pretty happy with that Alice going in terms of like understandingux go. I'm glad. So what would you recommend sort of licking at or working on the next week? It's like, I guess, yeah, as you say, you're kind of running the linear and it looks like it's not too much extra work and it's just a good santasy check to run through the stuff on the linear model or the Gaussian model. and then other than just sort of polishing this off, I think it's probably, I think starting really looking at actually starting to set up a CMB example is going to the next thing. which probably obviously after the interviewing things going to go and probably pick that up next week over the weekend, I guess. But yeah, I don't know whether we need, you have a good sense of what to start on for building a sort of toy CNB example or is that something? We also have some code to me that I need to look through that more. The pad I think that's going to be non-rivial is writing some compression and maybe I can write some code for you to do some of that. I think you at angular momenta. Well, so I think I gave you this code that goes from parameters to power spectra, like just. So I think what we do is like the simplest thing is, yeah, you just. I think this. Oh, no, this is this is not quite. It's probably p pie. Yeah, so these AMs, right? Yes. So these are the spherical harmonic coefficients, and then you'll take the power spectrum, which is basically just the it times its complex, conjugate. Okay. So we'll make a set of these tests CLs. Yeah, and I think that's. But you'll see that these will have a dimension of like, well, I think I said, this L Max parameter is probably 2,000 or something. Okay, That would have been the state of the art for plank. And so you're going to need to compress. And so that's a part I'll try and write some code for you. I'll have a look through as well, because I think James already started pushing me to look at like a bit of background reading and stuff all like the system that this usually see. So I would keep with that reading and also think about like what kind of splits you can introduce or like what kind of noise you add to the splits to representative a systematics. I guess you can already kind of see the data in some sense that you're generating. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then, yeah, the tricky part of linking that is kind of what we' saying is linking that to some summary statistics that make this essentially tractable on your laptop. Otherwise you'd have to train a really big network do. Yeah, but for this case, we can do like some moped compression. But in general, maybe reading this paper, which is generalized, massive optimal data compression.. Yeah, I remember that seems like a good a good stop. No, that seems like a. So this is, yeah, this is kind of, I guess, not from the SBI point of view, but you can use this compression. Yeah, so this is a kind of, yeah, a question is always like, how do you compress your data in like one way you could train in your own network and get some summaries? This is more a case in that if you have some estimate of your likelihood or if you know the likelihood is Gaussian, there's a classic paper called Moped, which tells you have an optimally class your data. But that's a specific example of the stuff discussed in this paper. So. Yeah, it's also Alan Hans is kind of the... this's a series of papers, yeah.. I think it's yes in the 2000s... But I think this generalized massive optimal compression discusses moped as a limiting case, but it's a slightly more general. Okay, sure. I mean, the trick is basically the same that you take the gradient. And so maybe I will try and implement a moped compression for you and send you some code. Sure, sure. But it's kind of But then if you read the paper, then properly you can understand the. It's definitely good to read it and also good to think about kind of why this is also, in some sense, this step is is a bit of the sleight of hand of SBI because actually what you're doing here. in theory, and you'reural network should be able to what neural networks do is they learn compression. So in theory, you should be able to take all of that it in. Oh, fine. But it turns out you then just need a lot of simulations to learn that much. So like reducing it to a smaller and kind of getting getting a bit of you boy already kind of picked this up a bit from playing around with that. the more essentially the more inputs you have, the more data you need to converge and training that. It's well explained in the notes that James sent me. So like, I remember that's something I picked up quite early, but yeah, cool yeah, it's good and it's good to sort of get sense of it because when you're sort of writing, again, thinking a bit sort of towards writing up a report, this is quite an important part. Obviously a lot of what you'll do is sort of downstream of this, but it's quite an important to get a sense of where the the sort of trick is here. And it's a bit of a, you know, but it's that's not say it's this is an essentially it turns out when people do SBI, they always do this as well. Or something like this, you know, okay It's just it's very hard to learn something on uncompressed data. Makes sense. Makes some of sense.. And there's somewhat still of an open question of how best to compress things and how best to use your set of simulations that you have. Because if you're learning, if you're learning your compression, you can't typically use those same simulations in your inference or in training your your posterior estimator. There's no mathematical reason you couldn't just put the whole thing in. But there'ss a practical reason. Okay, yeah, it makes a lot of sense. Which will a lot of machine learning research is actually playing around with the practical kind of in theory, all it's quite simple, you write it down end to end, you just stick it all in and learn or something. it's a lot of engineering choices along the way that kind of.. make things possible. That makes sense. But yeah, that's good. Yeah, I'd say that's as good, especially for this particular thing, that's a perfectly. Cool. Okay. So I'll read about read about this stuff. have a look at the h pie stuff that was talking about. and finish the lin linear Gaussian and maybe play around some other systematic or stuff I can add to either the Yeah, it's. I mean, if you have, again, if there's time between now and you know, obviously there's some background reading for the CNB stuff, but if there's sort of coding time, it's good to just, even at this point, start thinking, what would I show in a report for this? Okay, okay. You don't have to generate the sort of the exact plot. You're going to use, but like it's just good to sort because then it's just easier to then move on to something else. And then when you come back, hopefully your points still have to make some changes because you always end up doing that but having a notebook that sort of sets out this is the narrative I would want to construct around this problem. It's good to even just start thinking that way already, even though it' it's going to be. And obviously then you can also even start drafting sections of this again, if you have time for that and you're sort of downtime waiting for some useful compression code or something, then yeah, you know, there's plenty of I can have a look I would do it today or tomorrow. So if you don't hear from me on Monday, send me in. Oh, I send you.. But cool, that all looks, yes, Will said that looks really Progress looks really good. Cool. Great. Yeah, okay, I'll I'll work on that stuff then. I'll probably see you guys next at the same time. Yeah, best of luck tomorrow with Yeah, thank you. You't person, I guess don't. No, no.