This is a transcript of my meeting with my research project supervisors, about my interim report.  I've included my interim report to the project files

Understand? Is your network well trained? Have you, you know, not got some bugs in it? You know, these kinds of, like, things. And then there's a second set of tests, which are the things that we're trying to develop of like, okay, now I'm applying it to data, like, does it is it doing what it should be doing? Yeah, you know, predictive tests or one example of that, the discussion of splits and things, which it's nice is the other type of that. So I think it's kind of important, it might be you to like differentiate these and sort of. No, I agree. I mean, a lot of what you describe at the beginning is kind of like, necessary conditions, right? Yes. for an FBI p line to be consistent, on simulated data.. Right? Like independent of what data you analyze, we should be able to have a well calibrated it, you know, the dataata should cover like, you know, the observed data that we want to analyze. You know, they're all important things. I don't think it's totally out of place, but, you know, we need a lot of, I think a lot of our good repor is having the sort of information higherierarchy, right? And that like really signfexting to people. Like, this is background stuff. This is the new stuff that's like, really, like, I am working on, and it's a delicate balance of like how you frame that. Sometimes it can be a bit too sign posted in this type of report, I would earn more on the side of that, right? Okay. Like what role is playing? It's saying, like, I have a clear distinction between the things that I know a background and the things that I'm going to implement and do. Okay. Right. Yeah. So in terms of changing the report, that would sort of entail, like putting less of a focus or making more of an emphasis that like the coverage tests and what we apply at the starter, like making sure our pipeline is working efficiently and then the posterior predictive checks and they're like splitting the data, that's what we're focusing on and that's what we're trying to develop Yeah, I I'm just lookinging through your report, I'll say I wrote a few comments on here, I'll send it through after. Thank you so much. You know, I'm looking at the balance, like actually, something like section four.. Should probably be more than. Like, that's pretty interesting, right? And trying to put down a slightly more solid footing. Okay. Yeah.. You know, I'm not saying that needs to be developed hugely. I'm just saying if you were going to rebalance it. Yeah. And then sexual five is actually, because I'm out of fine, I think, like in terms of length of that, that's not a problem and it's quite clearly laid down. I like that just next steps, again, like that's good.. But, you know, it needs to be clear what the next steps are from. Okay, yeah, yeah, fine. Um. Yeah, maybe we can talk through this BKL stuff as well, but I don't want to hijack the general comments yet. We can talk through specifics in a second. No, I think those for the two sort of more general comments they had. I don't know. Did you have more general comments schemes? No, me just think one second. Sorry, I read it, like, three minutes ago, so.. I'm still forming it. Like, it's still, like, parallel processing in the back of my mind. Okay. I think always in these, a couple of the comments I've written down, I say, I'll send them through, like, properly.A. There's the odd thing you say. So one thing you say is like, you know we detect and record the fraction of physically valid simulations, for example, and then in the case of either insufficient coverage or low proportion of value, we're just the location width of our prior distributions. Now, that is the type of sentence that it depends on how you write it to whether people go, oh, that sounds weird. Right? And those are the things to avoid. It's not content changes. It's how you frame it. Yeah, okay, I understand. That makes sense. You know, So I think a cosmologist would probably feel a little bit funny about that because they're like, plank collaboration how priors. Why are we not using those? Rightly or wrongly, right? Okay. I'm just saying, like, people have gut reactions to statements like that. No, I can that's actually the thing to be careful of. Understood, yeah. Because again, number one of this report is basically that there's zero follow-up questions from like Vasili when he reads it, right? Yeah, okay. You know, I don't mean to be too cynical about the whole thing. But that's the goal. You're not getting graded on it. Yeah. So number one goal is just to like write stuff down that doesn't lead to any sort of like ball-up questions and crack on, basically. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I see. Makes sense. So there's a few like that where, you know, another one that I' picked up was like, you know, the SBI methvism was MPE and this is because MPE provides amortised infuence at the posterior. Now, every SBI method can be amalized. Yes, okay, fine. Right? And it's just these little sentences. Like, there's nothing wrong with this. If you'd written instead, we' decided to use MPE because once it's trained, you know, in an amortized setting it can provide really fast posterior inference that allows us to test lots different beings and we want to use it for the you maybe don't write this, but you know and then we can use it for the DKL because it's easy to compute KR divergences because you get access to like the long posterior, you can evaluate densities and sample. that that's a very good argument, right? Yeah, yeah. It's a solid one. But we just have to be careful not to make those kind of like. semantic areas. Yeah, I understand. I understand what you mean. Yeah. You know, because I think you have to remember scientists are quite fickle. And like when we read stuff, I don't know about you, well, maybe I'm just like a real cynic. But like when you read stuff, sometimes it's hard to look by like, do do they understand the method they're using? Yeah, no, I get it. It's an important kind of trust criteria. I get it in terms of. Yeah. Yeah, trusting the results of what they're talking, like they've got to seem like they know exactly what they're talking like the whole way through. Yeah, exactly. And that's, I don't mean that there's a more start the point there, right? Yes, 100%. It's just dining out of these little details that actually can be a big difference in terms of how the report comes across. Yeah, completely understand. And then one thing I think you did very well was like, I read some of these reports that read like very colloquially, you know, and they say like, oh, you know, and we're going to do this next. Actually, I think your tone was very good. Cool. That's good. And that's, again, something that can go a little bit wrong, which is, you know, reads like an academic kind of report, and I think that's a good thing. Cool, that's good. So it's more just tuning up for some of the details. The language specifically, yeah, I get it. Yeah, exactly, right? Let me have a look. Um. I did wonder one thing. So you have quite a lot of figures, right? Yes, I do. Now, that's fine. But for example, figure one and figure two.. would be one figure. Yeah, okay, fine. Right. And one thing I was wondering is, it might be worth having, this takes a little while to make, but it's something I think would be useful anyway, is a bit of a summary figure for the sort of pipeline you have in mind that you want to build. Yeah, I thought about this too, because I've seen similar stuff in those later notes you sent me. Yeah. So yeah very clever schematic, right? These aren't results in the same way, but it gives people, like, if the goal is to convince people that you have an idea where to go, you can actually lay that out, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And that I think that could be quite powerful. Like, just get like CNB Sky maps and have like Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and like CNB Skymas Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, and draw on some fake posteriors and show them like overlapping and write down a number. I think that gives a far clearer picture of what the plan is than any text that you could write. Yeah, yeah, okay. I mean, I'm a big fan of I like a summary figure. And I think they can be very, very powerful in terms of just getting people on board with what you're trying to do. No, okay, that makes sense. What do you think well? I mean, we should also get worse's opinion on this that I don't want to like you. No, no, no. I agree. Yeah. You know, I'm trying to think of things I know that might take a little bit of work, so I don't want to suggest things that are overbearing over the next couple of days, but I think that type of figure could be useful anyway. Yeah, okay. I'll see, like, if I can get it done for like the deadline, but like in general, like, it' probably be useful for the final report anyway. So yeah, I mean, clearly not a deal breaker. Yeah. But you know, it's something that also might just take pressure off any text that you're writing. Yeah, okay, makes sense. You know, Again, you have to remember, like, people flick through these scenes pretty quick and like, the sooner that they realize what's going on and like what the plan is, they're happy. Yeah, okay. Okay. Whereas if you if you flick through your report very quickly, so when people open papers, like, what I mean, again, well, I don't know how you read paper. But the first thing I do is flick through and have a look at some of the plots. Yeah. And when I do that here, I see a lot of plots of the predator Prey model. Yeah, okay, fine. So we want to get something. I see you plots from the CNB. Okay, got Got it, you got you. And that means that when I know, if I'm looking at this and I'm trying to evaluate it from a part three kind of project perspective, I have to read in detail. I see. I see. Like there is nothing visual for me to kind of say, ah, I see what they're doing and I see what the plan is. Okay, yeah, that't make sense, but definitely makes sense. Yeah. Cool. Well, any.. Yeah, no, I agree with that. And, yeah, I think just adding, yeah, unfortunately it's just saying you're already over word limit, but at the end of like, the background, I would have said something like that, which is like, in this report, we first described generalizedI pipelines, we apply it to a toy model to demonstrate the key essences of this pipeline and, you know, then discuss how we're going to move to applying that to a realistic science case, the CB, for example. No, 100%, I totally agree. I totally. Because again, it just, you want to deal with the elephant in the room and the elephant in the room that is that a lot of Volterra model when you when you're tied to the CMB. And my point is that I think the conclusion want people to come to, right is they say, oh, yeah, well, of course they've got, you know, a bunch of stuff sorted all the pipeline, all they need to do is take their lock of Volterra block out and put in the CNB simululation and everything that's going to work. It doesn't matter how close or far from the reality that is, it's not the point, but that's the feeling they should come away with. Yeah, I see. Okay. So you need to kind of tell them that. You know, you need to lay that out for them at like why you're making certain choices and doing certain things. Okay. I think that's actually a very, I think that would be a very, very simple, like one- two sentence max, right? Yeah, okay.. Sort of like, in what section would you do you sort of mean? Right, at the start. Right at the start, okay, got you. As in, like, introduction. Okay, in the introduction, explaining, we did the to model, but we're going to drag, like, have the same idea but using CMB stuff, I guess. Yeah, if you want a different word than background, you can have executive summary. executive summary. That's always a winner. Wow.. Again, what are you trying to like, a lot of this a signposting, right? the same way I apply the same thing when I look at people with CVs, right? Where the first thing I do when I look at CVs, I literally put a time on for 15 seconds, and I say, how much information can I get out in 15 seconds? Yeah, okay. But do I know what they did, what they work on, where they've been and what they' most like, what their biggest achievements are? Yeah. I don't know that in 15 seconds, not like now, of course you read it in detail afterwards. But we do the same here, you give me executive summary. You want your signposting to me, is the fact that if you read this, you're going to have a pretty decent idea of what I've done and what I'm going to do. Yeah, okay, fine. You know? And then you give me a nice part where you go, ah, here. And I'm like, ah, cool, okay, I get it. Yeah, cool. And then I thick through the rest of the port because to be honest, by that point, I feel like I know what's going on. Okay, cool. I get I get it. It makes sense. I know the sounds a bit like, I say a bit cynical, but... No, no, no. I think it's more in. I think why we're writing and who we're writing it for. Yeah. Which is Vasili's got about 30 of these to read and he wants to understand it straight away, which is. Right, exactly. Finding a report, Different story. You're looking at different feedback from me, right? Yeah, yeah. More time, more delicate, build up the story a little bit more, give the proper background, really well- referenced, you know, it's for a different purpose. That's basically like paper replica, right? Yeah, yeah, cool. It's just a different document. This is not. This is like an update. Yeah, okay, makes sense. Makes sense.. But yeah. Also, you should always remember the same with, like CDs and Cabatas and all of this stuff. It's like, you get to control the narrative here. So control it. Yeah. Cool. You don't have to open boxes you don't want to open. Okay, yeah It's an Instagram report. Makes sense. Like, for example, do we need figures debris? I'm not sure. Yeah, okay, fine, fine, I' fine. Yeah. Those figures were like the ones when I said an email as well, I might have got rid of one or two because I felt, no, sure. I'm trying to think of like a specific ones like figure freeze kind of about one. as Will says, like figure one, figure two it kind of looks broadly like things are doing those the right sort of thing. They're kind of coming in the right place. And then I look at figure three and it doesn't really cover the real beto. And again, it's just opening a box, like, do we need to open the box? Yeah. Okay, okay, okay yeah. I should say that's not I was thinking a little bit about that and it's not necessarily wrong that like, so before we were discussing whether this should be symmetric around it, and that's not actually necessarily because it might just be that the structure of the initial data means that you can't have a bigger delay you can't really have a peak much longer after your first peak already happens just because then in that case maybe everything dies out or something, you know, like No, no, Tony, I agree. Exactly. But so I think given your other things, this probably looks like it's probably reasonable. But, yeah, I do agree that looking at this, that's not clear and that's not the message you take away. So I you could remove that. Okay, yeah. It's just again, like if we have time to talk about it in in a meeting, then then it's a different story, right? Like, then we can have that discussion and we can interrogate about lock error and all of these things. But you won't you don't have the you only get to control the narrative once, which is what you write and you don't get to amend that at all. Yeah, makes sense. Mm. This DKL idea? Yeah. So, you talk a bit about the fact that you only do it in 1D. Yeah. What does that mean? So, like, you could have tried to compute, like, did the KL of like, just posterior one posterior two, right? But in this example in this model, for example, that there's like four parameters that you're defining a distribution over. And if it did like the four dimensional distribution versus the four dimensional distribution, it was always spitting out numbers that were like 10,000, 20,000, or like really high. How are you computing it? I can show you my code. I just used. Yeah, that some nonpie stuff, I think.. Okay. So, I have a specifically on that only because I wrote a paper recently on like computing DKL with posterior. Sure. networks. I think we discussed this a bit last time about the idea of, like, what the size of these numbers mean. It is sometimes not obvious just from like, you know, I think you even said something in this report like, this shows that there's statistically significant difference between the two posteriors. Yeah. And that's just based on the fact that some of these numbers are large, but you actually don't know what the variance on this is from what we've done here. I think we discussed that and it's obviously reasonable that you haven't implemented that here, but it might be worth adding. Yeah, I think that's when you mentioned you need to like use like Monte Carlo. Yeah, like calibrated, exactly. Calibrated. Is there like somewhere I could find out a bit more about that? Because I like, I remember kind of understanding, I understand what you mean. You need to do it multiple times to get the variants, but like. Yeah, maybe I think we Hanley actually had a recent paper discussing exactly this in the context of Basian evidences where like. Yeah. So it's going to be a different, it's not going to be the KL diverence, but hopefully you'll be able to see, which is like in the past, people have had these numbers and they say, oh, this is significant, because it's big.. to know, like what is big, you have to know what a typical number would be, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. I think another place to go and look is just reviews some like statistics and notes on something like hypothesis testing where what you do is you construct a test statistic and the point is that any given value of the test statistic is kind of meaningless right? Because I can take any test statistic, multiply it by 100. and it's still a perfectly good test statistic. Okay. Right? But so what you have to do there, right, is you take your noll hypothesis and I mean, this is actually what I would encourage us to do here. We can use the DK as a test statistic effectively. You know hypothesis is that the posterior is matched perfectly.. It's just daily realizations that vary and what you try and understand is what's the typical distribution of DKL values for posteriors that like statistically match? They don't exactly match because the data variations come into play, but they statistically match, and we can quantify that and sample it, and we want to call it. But actually, that's a very similar idea to just classical hypothesis testing. Okay. So if you want to look at where you know, how that works, I mean, just go to, you know, your A-level T test, right? Yeah, okay And I tell the difference between normal distributions with two different means, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. How do I do that when I the T and, you know, I sample the T statistic under the assumption that that means are the same. And I observe the distributions, I compute critical values and then I use that information, like that calibrated Monte Carlo distribution to make statements about like, ah, that number is large, or that number is small and what I mean by that is compared to critical values of the testative. Okay, okay, okay, okay. So it's quite a classical statistical process. I would say, and I I would bet that we end up relatively close to something like that here. Okay, that makes sense. I think I'm going to change the wording of whatever I wrote in the report to like, not make such a claim about this is statistically significant, but just say we were able to calculate these figures and then maybe discuss like developing this method, like later. I would actually frame it more in terms of like here's my concrete idea of how we can actually quantify this. mainly because I think we need to look a little bit into how these things are computed. Okay. So one thing we can discuss, I mean, it's actually not too hard to compute the chR divergence when you have posterior estimators. And if you look at your equation three. Yeah.. So, like, what is that quantity? Well, it's the expectation value. Under samples from posterior 1. Yeah. Of log P1 overp2. Yep. Now, what is that? That's log P1 minus log P2 Yep. And so actually, all you have to do, if you've trained an MPE network, all you need to do to estimate this quantity is take posterior samples from distribution one. And then compute, log P1 minus log B 2 and for posterior estimator, you can evaluate the density super fast. Yeah. Okay, yeah. So you can do the 440 thing without having to do any KDEs It's just Monte Carlo expectations. Okay. So it just looks like, take a bunch of samples from the posterior and then construct one over N, some i equals one to N, log P1 B to I, give an x minus log P2 of the to I give an x. Give an X y. Yeah, baby y. makes sense. So do you see what I mean that actually it's it's a bit simpler than it looks? Yeah, I see, I see. I see. And that's why I would emphasize it more in terms of like his. I actually like the idea a lot. I think it's a really good idea. and that's why if you change a few things like in terms of how you describe NPE, it's like why you made that choice and you frame it more in terms of this story that starts become like a very convincing line of argument, I think. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Makes sense. And you see, like, you basically don't have to change anything in number four. You just need to reframe how you... What did it? How you say things, right? Yeah. Okay. Cool. That makes sense. Nice. Yeah, okay. What do you think? Yeah, I mean, I was quite excited when we were talking about this like this DKL idea last week. I was like, oh, yeah, this is what we want." This is nice. I agree. You know, I have some posterior estimated that I can apply on two different types of data, right? I apply on data one and data two, like from some split or some different modeling. And I look at the KL emergence between the two and I can quantify that under, you know, assumptions where they're generated. That's just a really nice idea. So, like, let's lean into that, because that's a very concrete, very achievable goal, right? Yeah.. And again, think in six months' time when you hand us in, if you've written in your interim report, here's my plan and then you go ahead and you do that, that is a very convincing kind of like, yeah, this is always going to be the case. Yeah, okay, okay, okay. So is what you're saying about controlling the narrative a bit again? Yeah, exactly. Again, I know I don't do this all the time. Sometimes I'm a bit more creative. Yeah. But like, there's the time and a place. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Makes sense. And reports for part three projects are not the time, normal place. Yeah. Okay, I understand. That't makes sense. No, no, at all. I'm trying to think in terms of, like, I think I've got everything you guys are telling me, trying to translate that into like I practical plan to do over like the next day and a half or so until the deadline. Yeah, I send some of these are written down on my as comments here as well.. I've got Wars's comments. Yeah, go. I don't think you need to make huge changes, right? No, it's not rewriting all of it. It's just like a few sentences here and there to like contextualize things a little differently. So. I don't know. discussing Section four, that we've been discussing, like, we all think it's a good idea. Just, I think you want to present it as like, this is the direction of research. It reads at the moment, like, this is it. Okay. And you know, then it raises a bunch of questions about, like, you know, the kinds of things we just discussed. But if you say, like, here is an idea of like, how we're going to do it and, you know, like, kind of a more of a like a high level sketch of things, which is kind of what it is, but you just need one or two sentences saying, like, one way that one could imagine testing for systematics is by, you know, doing this and something like that. Do you get what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. And this is why I'm, like, if I was now, I'm not telling you what to do, you can do whatever you want. If I was you, I would make a little summary figure that showed like, you know, two different data set you set, you know, CMB, Mondayway through Friday, CNb, Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, they go they give you two posteriors. They don't have to be real posteriors. You don't have to do the analysis, right? Yeah. And then you show like, ah, DKL is this and you show like a little like Monte Carlo set of samples and DK. That's it, right? Like, you're not doing the doing the thing, but you're giving like a really clear picture of how this can scale up into a full project. Yeah, okay. I'm just thinking about how I go about producing that, but I'm sure it will work. Yeah, like, could just be a flow chart, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, literally. Let me just grab my charge at one side, sorry. You know, it can be D split one, right? Yeah. And D split two. And yeah, I think, you know, having having some, you know, pictures of a C&B map and say Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and then, like, you know, you can have a big box here saying, you know, your SBI pipeline or you know, yeah. and then, you know, a picture of Posterias. So, you know, a triangle plot, and, you know, two posterias looking, I don't know, like this or something. know. Yeah, literally like that. Or you could even have two versions of this, depending on, you know, if they're in agreement, you know, posterias look like this, and you know, you can say, low KL divergence, you know, kind of thing. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. And then a bottom one, which is like evidence of systematics and then, you know, your posterior is like look like this or something and you know,. Okay. This is the thing. This would be a change I would take compared to the other things would take the most time, like making a figure like this and making it look nice, will take a little bit of time. But I think this is the kind of thing that you would then slap on, like kind of, I don't know, page page one, basically, of your mind, which is like, you know, when you say, oh, in section, we'll discuss the method, Section three, we'll do this. Section four, we'll discuss results. You can just say, and, you know, you'd say that and say, like, and this is, you know, embodied in fig 1, which shows a flow chart of this. literally rise it on the figure in the b of a report, where you have like, you know, section one section 2 above the SBI part where you say when you training SBI yeah. Section 3, KL, right? Yeah. You know, Section 4, application to real CMB data, right? And then you put it on the left. So my point is, like, this type of thing can be really, really helpful. And I I understand. Yeah. And you'll also give a presentation and like, this can be an like a way of talking to the presentation, even, like where you. some people, you know, again, making presentation everyone has their own style. Some people, like, have a table of contents where they tell people at the beginning, I'm going to do one, two, three, four, and then they say, one and discuss it, two and discuss it. You could even do something like that with this figure, which is you show this figure on slight two or whatever. This is a big picture idea and now I'm going to tell you about, you know, SBI for a bit, then I'm going to tell you about validation. You know, that kind of thing. Anyway, that's. Yeah, I mean, this is why it came to mind because I think it is a high utility item. Yeah, I understand. It's not like it's just done for the next two days. Like, it's very useful. Yeah, exactly. It's not for the interim report, really, although I think it can help. Yeah, okay. Just like a quick question, like, I get like this is like like a distribution, right? And these two are distributions. What exactly is the I know it's a sketch, but like this here, what exactly is that meant to show? Like you're showing that they fit closely together so there's. Yeah, right. So, you know, um so you've made two splits, right? And I think you discussed this in your in your report, like, you know, the posteriors will be different, right? And so, like.. what you're trying to like, clearly, if I, you know, there's an extreme case, which is, if if I make a quarter plot and, you know, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday looks like this, and Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday looks like that, right? Like, this is clearly telling me that there's something weird going on, right? Like I should get the same, like the cosmolic. And so, so if they perfectly overlap, right, like, that's perfect, and if they obviously hugely disagree, this is also, you know, a sign that something's gone wrong. Yeah, but you't But the point a small amount over that, but like, difference. Okay. Yeah, I get. That's what your PL divergence is going to end up trying to quantify as like, you know, given how much information these things are having in common, what level of scatter between things is reasonable and what between them is not reasonable? Okay, I get that concept. I mean I don't know how to phrase the question I'm asking, but like, you said it's a corner plot or like, what is that? Yeah thing being. Is that like the distribution itself or like sample? Sorry, you' figure two, right? I think we discussed this this before. Yeah. Right? Like this is people call these corner plots, right?. And you can also do this where you plot multiple data sets. I think I sent you some packages before, and I can I can send them again if you like. The basically do this plotting for you and can do, you, multiple data sets on the same graph, right? And so what I'm envisaging is at the moment, like, in figure 2, you have the posteriors from one data set. And what you do is you, you know, in this corner of blood I've shown, is like having your two splits on the same graph, right? Okay. And being whether they're agreement. Okay. Okay. I got you. That makes sense. Yeah, okay, that makes sense. Cool. Yeah, I'm just. Yeah, this okay, I'll see how I can figure out trying to like draw something like this. But yeah, then I would just make like the toy data set, which is like draw from a Gaussian and in the top, you draw from the same Gaussian parameters twice and in the bottom you draw from two Gaussians that are offset, right? Like, it's a toy. You. And give some labels that have like cosmology, you know? Yeah. Yeah, okay, makes sense. You should fake it to be clear. Yeah, no. You don't need to run an analysis. Yeah, yeah, got you. No, no. For the point of generating the graphs, yeah. Makes sense. Yeah. Well, yeah, this is this is a flow chart, right? Like, it's not a scientific result. It's yeah, yeah. It could't make sense. I was just thinking apart from that, like, I guess the important things to sort of maybe adjust the wording off would be, so this will impact a lot of section four and like the bottom section four' talking about how I'm going to actually implement this Kale idea. but then also change how I justify picking NPE and also like in the introduction give a clearer outline of what's going on and this this diagram's going to help. Yep. I think that's yeah. As I said at the very beginning, like, you know, this report isn't the kind of thing that someone's gonna grade and study with high scrutiny, so you, you don't want to stay up all night for the next two nights working on it, but you want to have something that is good and sufficient. And I think these kinds of changes, yeah, like most of them, a small wording things, I think, will be fairly quick to implement. Yeah, the wording is. And really will just sort of tweak the narrative a little bit. I think I like James is phrasing a bit. It was very good. Yeah, makes sense. I say, I promise I'm not this, like, hard line all the time. It's been a very revealing conversation for me. Yeah, I think how I am when I edit a draft so you can write with you amount of paper with me. Ah, I don't know. I think there I'm a big believer in time and place, right? Like if we're talking about presentations, different story, right, that's time to be a bit more creative, tell the story, you know, make people feel like they're excited about the idea. This is not that place. Yeah, yeah. makes sense. to say what you did, say why you did it, crack on. Yeah. your life, you know.cell. Yeah. No, good stuff. Cool. Is there, anything else you want to talk about? No, I think the main questions I had were about, like, what had to visualize or understand the Montic Carlo aspect you guys mentioned with the KO divergence. and like, I think I've gotten a good understanding of that. I guess another thing I thought about was like, and this is really not too important. I don't think, but like, I was looking at other like measures of of divergence, right? And I was like, is it worth doing one that's symmetric rather than the KL? I was looking at Jensen Shannon or like a few of these other things. I don't know, I was reading, but like, I don't think any of these are, like, particularly pressing or important. changes to be making. I think that's the kind of question that's, like, at least it might be, doesn't necessarily have a well defined answer a prioori. Like, the cho difference has some nice properties, but in the end, we're trying to devise a test statistic that will be, you know, useful for this problem, and it might be that when we're doing this, we might just try a few if they're need to implement and see which one for our problem is more discriminating. Okay. Yeah, I mean, symmetry you kind of would expect that in the way that we're constructing these tests, but, you know, if it turns out, that you know, these things are going to w the overlaps differently, right? And the question is, which waiting is most reasonable. Okay. Makes sense. So I guess as well, like, implementing it differently, I don't think would be too, too difficult, but, like, that's something I guess for next time to like explore what you say, which discriminates more. I think yeah, the other thing is just, you know, separate out the methodology from the specific deta choices. Yeah, yeah, for sure. And again, I think that's something that often when you're reading these things when like this side, right? the best students are able to do that, right? There's a clear separation in their head between these are the things that I'm doing that are really caught that like how the project is working and what the pipeline is and what the flow of information is. And here are the detailed choices that we have to make in any pipeline, right, to actually make that a reality. But those are interchangeable, you know, changing in and out in NPE as a method or like a particular simulator for the CNB, whether you use Cam or class or whatever, right? It doesn't matter. Yeah, yeah. I think matter is, you know, you're training this SBI algorithm and then you're using some sort of discriminatory measure on different data and stuff like that. 100%.. 100% agree with that. And that's also a really good sign that you understand a project is like, you know, often when people will ask you about what you've done, I don't know, in your in your exam, or like, if you're talking about it, I don't know if you apply for interviews where people ask you to describe research, it's key to separate out these things and not say, "Oh, we used Cam simulator because, you know, like that was an essential part. No, that's an implementation detail. Yeah.vey that you have understanding about the project is like, this is the high picture goal. which is basically that up, right? Like, and these are the things that are the implementation details, but they're like, you know, they're necessary, but they're not important. I understand. That makes sense. Yeah. It's just in terms of like what reading I'd done in the last week, but like, mainly I was looking at the KO stuff, I was looking at the power stuff and then like the rest of my time went towards writing the report. But I don't think. As I said at the beginning, I mean, like, I think this has like a really nice story, but it was kind of a little missing last weekend that there were things that like, went together. So I was impressed when I looked through this and like, yeah, like, I think you put a lot together in the last week that it looks really. That's good., definitely. I think it's yeah, exactly as well. So sometimes in these conversations with like we say a lot of things that we think are kind of the biggest impact changes and often we don't say things that like, that's why I want to I wanted to make sure at least I said one thing, I was like, you know, I like the tone, right? And that wasn't meant to be a flippant comment. Like a lot of people missed that. a lot. And again, you only see your typically, right? Like a lot of people ask this. Sure. And that's actually much harder for us to fix, right? Like, you know, that's not like a detail of like our race is slightly differently. There's like change how you write. Yeah, yeah. Okay. I don't know. Yeah. I was going to show you so I ran one Monte Carlo 40 just So, here you go. This is what I have in mind, right? So what have I done here? Really simple. I want to test, like, when can I be sure that the mean of two normal distributions was fixed variants with a thousand samples is actually different? Yeah. Right? That's why I want to know. So what have I done? You take I'm sampling under the knoll hypothesis here. I'm saying, if the means are the same, in this case, says zero, right? I'd take one sample and another sample, and I say, well, what difference do I observe in the sample means? Right? Because they won't be the same, because they're just two random samples of size 1000 Yeah. Right? Yep, yep. On average, they'll be in zero, right? Over lots and lots and lots of realizations of this process. But for any given realization, they won't be. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And then I just made a histogram of those differences and it looks something like this. Okay. So you see for and this will change if I take fewer samples. So if I did only 100 samples. I need to I do this. So, do you expect this to be a wider or thinner distribution? A wider, probably. Yeah, good, I mean, it actually took good obliterated the other one, but that's fine. One second, let me, let me just, let's remake the figure.. orange one is much wider, right? It's just because the sample size is smaller. Yeah, me. So, you know, then we do an experiment and we see, ah, the means of my samples that come out at 0.2. Well, first question I need to ask is how large is my sample, you know? Yeah, and so yeah, the reason I picked point two is because for the orange samples, it's actually perfectly reasonable. That's perfectly plausible as an outcome. Yeah. But if I had a thousand samples, it's highly improbable. I see. see. Right? And the way that we quantify that is by sampling under this nar hypothesis. Like, in this case, like, this is a particular test statistic, which is this, you know, the difference in the sample means. There's one number you can compute. There are a lot. I mean, that's not the T test, right? But I' I'm just framing it, right? Yeah, okay. Yeah, but you could do. The point is the thing that I've looked at here and I've made his gram, there could be anything. Yeah. You sample it under the know hypothesis in this context, your know hypothesis would be that actually, you know, my split data sets are generated from the same underlying simulation process... Including all the noise modeling and statistical fluctuations.. And you would look like on average, what are the differences in the posteriors? Yeah. That would give you some distribution of the KL. Like if they really are generated under the same conditions. And then you look at two real, you know, actual realizations and you say, okay, well, how does that compare? Okay. Okay, I think, yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah? I think I think so, yeah. Now's the time to ask. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, you're no hypothesis is that these posteriors, it's not that they're the same, but it's that they're generated from the same process, right? I would say that the no hypothesis is that the data generation mechanism is the same in one data and the other. Yeah. That's a very subtle difference, right? Yeah, yeah. Okay. makes sense. And it means that your post is they don't have to match just because there's stockity in the in the data generation process, right? In the same I mean, in exactly the same way, imagine it was just as simple of like, I generate I mean, here you go. Sample one and sample two, right? Yeah. What's the, like, sufficient statistic for the mean where it's the sample mean? Like, say my goal is to estimate the mean. Yeah. And you see that like on average, these will differ a little bit. Yeah.. That would be like, my posterior, like, you know, my posterior would be settled on the sample meat. So it would never be exactly zero, right? Yeah. And they would, you know, when I analyzed these two data sets, they were different a little bit. Yeah. But they'd be consistent. Yeah. Okay. And you you could just associate, like, you know, sometimes they're like perfectly overlap just by chance. Yeah, yeah. But a lot of the time they won't. Yeah. But you can quantify that and then you do the actual analysis on two pieces of real data to and say, okay, how do they compare? So, you're generating this, like reference plot, sort of like, and if we're doing it in our model of, like the Monte Carlo, like of the KO divergence and then you were seeing the values I actually get when I when I had sample to prosteriors, where do these fall in this kind of distribution and is it giving me like a low or high That's the way to think about it. Okay. Okay, yeah. And you see now why it's now, for the KO, you do have a little bit more topability, but, you know, you see here, I could perfectly have appended, like, two times the difference in the sample means. Yeah. That would have been a perfectly valid test. You can do whatever you want. Yeah, yeah. Right.. But then when I actually made the comparison, I just have to make sure I construct the same test statistic. Okay, yeah. And then compare to the critical values of that arbitratorribution. So what this might look like is under some mobile hypothesis, that the data generating process is the same. We like sample for like Mone Carlo average over N runs KO divergence of of two different posterior, like, not I know what the word is, but like, two posteriors like generated that we assume are generated by the same data process, right? If I was gonna do like, what would I do, you know, step one, generate x normal X1 from my model? Yeah. Right? Because then they're generated from the same dead generation process. Yeah. The same set of parameters. Yeah. worldwriting. Yeah. All I'm saying is in this fall loop, right? Like the thing that you would need to change from what's written here is that, you know, where he's written sample one here, you're gonna do, you know, your your SBI pipeline on split one to get your posterior samples. Yeah, yeah. SBI pipeline on posterior 2 to get your second posterior, and this difference is not the difference here. It's just it would be li out. divergence. Yeah, okay. And then then you Oh, okay. Yeah. Sorry, go on. No, I was going to say, it's actually a simpler process than it might appear, right? It's just saying, what it might underlying, like hypothesis about this and what we're trying, you know, we're trying to construct tests that distinguish between like the identify cases where our identity is not generated in the same way because there's some systematic effect between data from this split and data from this split. And so, you know, I think that basically forces you into having picking an old hypothesis where they are generated. Yeah, we're We're trying to reject that, right? Yeah. And then you can just, yeah, you know, you have some method. I mean, the point is, and again, having the big picture, it actually doesn't have to be SBI, right? Like, you know, it can be whatever you want, it could be absolutelyMC, it could be some analytic, like, you know, marginalization. It doesn't matter how you get to the posteri is. SBIs are nice argument here because we can do that in a fast way, right? Yeah. Again, this actually is why MPE is a good choice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, you see how the picture starts to build up, right, and actually motivates a lot of the choices that we can make by having like a clear framework. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a lot clear enough. That's good. Oh, good. That's the point. We add some value, Will. Cool. Okay, um.. Not always the case. I think I'll try and get as many changes as I reasonably can done by maybe like tomorrow evening. Just bearing in mind that like, there's a form that I think both of you are meant to sign, saying that you've like reviewed this. reviewed the interim report and I have to hand it in by like Friday midday. So just like in terms of like getting some changes in and sending it to you so you guys can have like a quick readthrough. I'll try and get as much as this done by tomorrow evening. and I can email it over. Yeah. No, that sounds good. Cool. I think ideally, like, I mean, I have some stuff on on Friday morning, so if I need to sign something, ideally, like something on as the evening would be good. Yeah. I mean, we can also find that form and you can still make some last-minute changes, right? Sure. Yeah. But yeah, I mean, we've also, we have seen a version, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. That sounds good. Yeah. And just going back, as I said at the very beginning, like, I think this is pretty good, right? Like, we've talked for an hour right now, I guess, but, like, I was pretty pleased with what I read. Cool. I think you're making things for. That's good to hear. Yeah. It's reassuring. Yeah. No, it's good. Cool. Cool. I'llmailed through my comments. Do we need to. Sorry, you already have a copy of the form. I'm trying to. Otherwise, I think I would need to dig through my emails to try. Oh, uh, the form I can send it to you. It was just on.. Mudo. I'll send it to you. Okay.. Cool. Great. That's easier than me trying to find it. Sorry. If you know where it is. Job done. Great. Um, cool, I can send that over now. than a second. Good stuff. To be fair, it's literally like a word document with, like, nothing too too relevant on it is like signature and date. But yeah. Yeah, as I said, I've looked at a version, so I will probably I will have a look at your other version you'll send over, but I'll probably, just sign and return that form piece that you. Sure. Great. Because I'm actually going to be on a train on Friday morning. Sure. I think also, I think strictly we should only provide one round of comments. I think that's the strict. I' supposed to. Sure. But that's fine. Like, you know, the reality is always a little bit more mixed than that, but I'm just saying, like, in. That's more of a fairness thing than anything else, because otherwise you get larger discrepancies right between different. Did that ascend or did I just send an empty email? No, I got it, I think cover sheet. Okay, perfect. Yeah, cool. Right. So I have to sign them. Okay, I do have to sign this.. Okay, I'll fill it in and send it back on this thread, James, and then maybe you can pull it in afterwards or something. Yeah, I'm perfect. That sounds good. Cool. Cool. Right, I've gotta go to each. Okay. Um, I'll email my comments as well, but I hope you do that thing before you've disappear as like, I guess when when you want to meet next is to slightly complicate things, I'm having an offset Christmas holiday because of just reasons of when flights were. So I'm going to be awake the first two weeks of January, I think so for the 12th. I think term doesn't start, anyway.. I think term starts the 20th. Okay.. I'm relatively flexible,'c, like, I was planning on staying in Cambridge for a few weeks anyway, and probably heading back there quite early. So, like, once I've had a chance to do a bit more work on things, I think, like, I can I can get in touch. I can work around people's availability. I mean, it's the sort of thing, like, latest, we should obviously meet. It's like, the first or second week of turn. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I was like hoping to. I was planning to do more work on this like over the holiday, so.. I would be kind of basically, I will be working till I'm the subject to Christmas. So if you want to meet in the next few weeks, I'd be happy to. and chat. Cool, cool. If James and David are on holiday, we can be a smallets or whatever. Sure, sure. I have not really planned everything yet, but we'll. Yeah. Okay, great, sounds good. Okay. Great, good stuff. Cool. Thank you. Well done, Giant. Cheers. Cheers, guys. Thank you. See you later. Bye. Bye.
