Yeah, not too bad, thank you. I was How's things? Yeah, it's all right. I'm chilling out a little bit after, um. Busy time, you sure. After that. Yeah. And then away from Thursday just for a proper holiday. Nice. Even still in Cambridge or Yeah, I went back to London for a few days, but I'm back now. She's sort of going to be working over the holiday, I guess. So Yeah, particularly in East, I was quite liked just being in Cambridge. Yeah, same to be honest, I'm going to be doing a bunch of stuff like anyway, so may as well just be here. Yeah, I kind of agree because I can't really work at home. Like, I would just be spending time with my parents, so I think it's also nice to have a bit of separation You know, that when you go home, like you're actually going home. Yeah, exactly.. Like, I't yeah, I won't work whenever I'm home. Like, my laptop doesn't really get touched. But back now getting back into. Good, honestly. Yeah.. Sorry. But yeah, how did you find a presentation? I think I gave delivered it a bit better to the Wool Handy Group. I think in the middle, like, at one point in my mind, blanked slightly when I was talking, I think in the lock ofolterra case. But I think it was generally okay. I got pretty decent feedback from both like David, Will and like my few friends that I spoke to that were there. So that was okay. I's the feedback from Villy as well. Like it was pretty good, right? Like not too bad. Yeah, it was okay. Like there's definitely some things to polish up, but like it was a decent startup point it felt like. Have you got the slides to hand? Yes, I think I can I can share the screen. I' We can just go through? do that? I mean, some of them are duplicated, but that's not really the point, mate. Sure. Let Is that up for you? Can you see that? Yeah, yeah, that's perfect. Cool. One sec. Right, okay, so let's, uh just flip through slowly and then.. Yeah, here. Sorry, slide three. Yeah. I'm just going going through my comments. I can send this to you. I just said, so one thing that is a bit more standard in terms of notation is P of the to given that. Sure, sure, sure.. Sure. People do just for the prior. Like a pie of the, that's pretty common notation. Yeah. But it's not super common to use p of the to give X. Now, don't get me wrong. I'm not saying he's wrong, right? But sometimes, particularly at the start of talks, you just want to make sure you're sent a deeper that, you know, you don't them wondering like, oh, what's this pie? Right? Yeah, okay, okay. That makes sense. Yeah, I think it was weird notation used by one of our lecturers, but I just had it. Yeah, yeah, it's totally fine.. I said, it wasn't wrong. Like, you didn't say that... Okay, cool. Next call that I've got written down, which is also irelevant for this kind of slide. I think you said something along the line, like the argument for SBI, right? That you gave is something you said something along the lines of the inference is very complicated. Okay, sure. That I think particularly at this stage, you have to be precise. Sure, sure, sure, sure. You know, that's for me, that's just a bit too vague. Sure. in order that. Yeah, sure, sure, sure. I was going to say, what I meant to say was that they're like, the likelihoods are not analytic, so they can be intractable to work with. But if I said.. again, if I'm going to be really critical, and I feel like this is useful at this point, not, right? That is when you first start working on SBI, you feel like, ah, yeah, likelihood to intractable. But then you try and come up with a concrete example, and it's actually much harder to come up with a concrete example than you think, right? Okay. Because it turns out that actually people have spent a really long time thinking about how to write down these likelihoods. Sure. I bet you, P S, sorry, there's a lord murr, so No worries. I bet you when they first started working on plankes, they were like, oh, the likelihood for the ALMs are intractable." And actually, they spent a whole bunch of time doing like some analytic integrals and all this crazy stuff, you know. And they figured it out. So, I think if you can just come up with some concrete examples, maybe one or two in the CMB context, I think that would be a very powerful and punchy start, right? Okay. I think that actually add like a lot of context. Because you can get, like, you know, SBI works in the regime where you have implicit likelihoods and you can't write them down. That's definitely true. Sure. But it doesn't quite tell you why you should be using it here in this. Sure. Okay. That makes sense. I think, yeah. That's what's the bridge. Again, so a lot of these comments I've got written down and not because you said anything wrong, it's because we could just have punchier statements and I think, you know, when you get more of these presentations, there's a difference between the sort of general statement of the thing that really harmmers home you doing. Okay, that makes sense. I would agree that. I think in the Hanley group, like there was a lady that asked me a very similar sort of question. Like, why would you choose to use SBI specifically rather than like MCMC or like other methods or whatever it may be? So I think that's a good good I think you also have to remember in the IA context as a lot of people who spent a lot of time thinking about it to be likelihoods. Okay, yeah. Tell me. So, it's just about, like, again, a lot of a lot of giving like really punchy talks,ly when, you know, you're in this sort of like assessment context is is slightly preempting some of the worries that people might have. Okay, yeah, yeah, I interesting group who think about, you know, they wrote the plank likelihood, right? Yeah. Like that'sitch, what they did. Like, what are they going to do? And, you know, how are they going to react to it? Okay, that makes sense. So I think that would just naturally come if you read it a little bit more around the symbi examples and build up from there. Sure. The other thing that I then got written down is, again, you, slides are effective in conveying some info, I think I would love to see some visuals here. Yeah, I think I've got similar comments from Will as well. That's fine. Like, I mean, I would rather you have the content at this point and then you improve the delivery than the other way around than great delivery with no content. Like, you know, so I think it's fine, but I think it is important again. People have to listen to a lot of these presentations, and you really need to guide them through a lot more than you think. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Um. Otherwise, I mean, the next note I had was, yeah, decent explanation of SBI. So, like, look, these comments are not all critical. Like, I think, I think, you know, it's important also when I give you feedback is that, you know, I tell tell you the things I also like, so that you don't second guess them. Sure. Right? So I wrote, you know, decent explanation. I said nice explanation of systematic error, I think that might be on the next. side, yeah. Yeah, exactly. Like, you know, I like this. And I wrote down again, really good specific CNB examples here, right? Like, this felt far more, this is far more of the sort of examples I would like to see. And again, I wrote this extra comment that if you had these, and then you just had some visuals that were show you the same calibrations. I know you said this in words and I think if you can really hammer that word, then you're in business. Okay, fine. That makes sense.. Awesome. Right. What else have I got? Um. I think the other thing was. I said, maybe it might be nice to have actually a full slide dedicated to non and consistency tests in the CMB context. Okay. It doesn't have to be detailed, but it feels like it just felt to me like it might deserve a kind of standalone thing. Okay. Because you weren't supern't super pressed for time, like your timing was really good, right? Okay. Okay. So I think like you have got that, and again, you can do this images, you know, you can just like, or find it, like, actually, I think something that's quite powerful is to go find a couple of papers that write out these things and just a show maybe a couple of figures from those papers about like, what does that mean in practice? Like what you what you want, you want to bridge that gap, you want to show that this is a real kind of pressing problem that people are kind of actively working on in the scene&B research community, right? And, you know, Will, I'm sure, has some examples of this that you can ask for.. There't need to be complicated. Does doesn't need to be explained in loads of detail. but it does just need to kind of center, you know. What you did you know, you did this well, you start really broad, you say, okay, we have basic influence and SBI, and SBI is good in places where we don't necessarily have tractable likelihoods, and it's also good in places where we think we might have systematic errors, because maybe we can model them and we can analyze them. And in the C&B context, here, it some very specific examples, and here and nonconsistency test, right? So you've really zoomed in, which is a good thing, and now you need to kind of sense to people, because they won't be familiar with this, and most people, Okay, yeah. Because you've zoomed in so far that now you're talking about specific research that you then need to bring people along for the ride. Okay. And I think that's the general, I didn't know still, we're working on the project. I'm still learning about how inconsistency tests and the scene B and be this calibration, 'cause that's not my field, right? Like, my field is FBI and they're doing, you know, data side of things. Okay, cool. Let me check. So I said I liked the aim and goal statement. Is that on the next five? That's the next one, yeah. Yeah, I just said I like this.. Cool. Good stuff. And again, that first half of the presentation, I thought the way the, you know, I had comments around a few things, I'd like to see some more visuals, but I think the way that you delivered it was really, really good... I really thought the presentation was super solid. Okay, that's good. Which is great. You know, you did really, really well. I, you know, I've seen quite a few of these and I think it was definitely definitely the best introduction I've seen. Okay, I'm glad that's good to hear., exactly. I'm I'm not too brutal.. You know, I always want to help. I do that. Like, let's give constructive feedback the right way, but like, I also say when I really like something, right? That's good. Okay, good stuff. Next line. Yeah, cool. This one. So, I feel like. this is something I want to clarify. Yeah. I feel like during the talk, you talked about training SBI with and without the systematic. Yeah. I feel like that's not true, right? That's not what we do. I think this is something I talked to Will about and I'm going to go back and change this diagram to be a lot more general because like there's multiple ways of approaching this data split. Like in one case I'm adding different systematics to each split. In one case, I'm just viewing the same thing like, like I have two telescopes next to each other, viewing the same thing. And then in one case I'm I'm doing this, right? And it's sort of like, I should have the freedom to do whichever makes more sense like physically is the idea. So what I want. I honestly think giving a different examples, like having a figure that shows differently, as you basically just said, right? Different examples of why this situation might come up at all. Yeah. Right? You know, as you say, observations is at different times or two things looking at the same object. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know. And showing the kind of in all of those cases, we can cover that with our framework. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yep, yeah. I think, yeah. So I think a mistake was like being too specific to begin with and then like it messed up the explation. put up in a corner a little bit. Yeah, in. I kind of felt that as well. So this is something I want to change a bit. But yeah. Okay, good. My other kind of technical point is just making sure. So I went like the actual method from my understanding of it, right, is that I have a base simulator. Yeah. Right. And a base model for the noise. Yeah. Right. And I think that that model is good for my whole data set. Yeah. So I trained one SBI model, right? Yeah. And that does not have any systematics in it. Exactly, yeah, yeah. And then I might and then I will apply it to data where there is a potential systematic, but I calibrate it always on data with no systematics. Yeah, yep yep, yep, yep. yep. And I think it's just making, I think, again, look, it's during the presentation, like it's not a problem, right. But I think during the presentation, you said, you know, you train one SBI model without the systematics and one SBI model with the systematics. And the thing you just need to be careful that when people hear it for the first time, that first, presentation of what is the method, like, what are we doing, has to be super, super clear.. You know? Okay. Because, you know, once people are on board and they understand, okay, I' train, one SBI model, I calibrator on data where there's no systematic, and I apply it on real data where there may or may not be a systematic. And here's the different sort of behavior I expect.. Once they're on board with that, then I think it's much easier and you can be a little bit more general in your kind of terminology. But you have to get people very much on board, particularly for these technical things. Okay, makes sense. good stuff. Also, because I think actually one of the benefits, I mean, the thing that you came up with is actually it's pretty interpretable, right? It's not hard to think about kind of conceptually what's going on. So I've got a good model. Let me trade it on that because I don't know anything. Like the whole point of it systematic because you don't know what it is, right? Yeah, yeah. So I can't conceive of kind of what I'm adding. So it kind of makes sense that I should only train one model and then you just have to explain the subtlety, which is when you apply it and what calibration is and what kind of evaluation is. And those are your two kind of avenues, right? Sure. There's your two modes of using that model. You're either using it on data where you know how it was generated in order to calibrate it, or you're using it in a kind of evaluation mode where you want to actually see what happens on real data. So there is a relevance to the second model though, right? Like in terms of to understand what what second model? So that there are there are two, you do run SBI twice, right? That that is happening. You run SBI twice, but you don't train the model twice. No, you train two separate models. You do train two separate models. Yeah, yeah, so I think what you're describing is like like the end goal would be you just have this one model that's trained and calibrated on data with no systematic, and you want to apply it to data where you don't know if there's a systematic or not. That's like your eventual end goal, right? But you have no idea how these individual systematics will affect the inferences unless you start working with a model that has the systematic added. So you're kind of doing both. And like you're in like a testing phase, right? where you where you're saying, if I've added this systematic, what effects do I observe and you're comparing with and without, right? And then you go, but I would very much separate that. Yeah, okay. I see. That's the demonstration purposes. And I would keep that. I personally would keep that extremely separate, so that people don't get confused about what the core method is. Okay, I see where maybe, like, my explanation led to more confusion 'cause I said, this is the GOT and this is how we're doing it, but I didn't distinguish the two, right? So maybe we should have my end goal is this. I'm going to have this, like this model that's trained once, one SBI model, no systematics calibrated everything and we're going to apply it to unknown data. But before I can get to this separate slide, I need to train these two models and see how the systematic, if I added it myself, would impact my inference kind of thing and compare the two. To be honest, I would just move that to the end because all that's really doing is testing that it behaves in the way that you expect. Okay, okay.. As in, I think you've got to think of these presentations as telling a bit of a story. Sure. And I think the really nice opportunity you have is to actually a lot of the innovation in your project is the methodological kind of one, as in you came up with a new method. And what that means is, you know, compare it to some of the people in Part three, right, where they have like, maybe a big data set that they need to analyze, or they need to, you know, run a big code that's already been written for them on a particular scenario. So there, the novelty is not really in this kind of big picture. The noty is in the technical details of like what they changed, how they changed it, and why. But you kind of don't need to demonstrate that. Like, you know, what you're trying to demonstrate is you did need stuff and you did it in a, you know, a kind of fully explored way, you don't really need to get into these technical details around like this is exactly the setup I use for testing and training. Okay. Okay. I think mainly because also like you're trying to present to people where they want to be kind of the user, right? Or like, yeah, yeah. Okay. And they don't really need to know about how you prove to yourself that it worked. Okay, okay, okay.. I about backup slide. I'd have a slide where you say, hey, here's a particular example where we took a known systematic, demonstrated what happened when we added that systematic to the data in terms of what we should expect. Yeah. and showed that if we included it, we recover the expected results. That's a great idea, right? Yeah. Fine. But it's not the core part of the story. Okay. Okay, that makes sense. That does make sense. Yeah. I guess like I felt like I had to like explain it first before getting into these like Gaussian examples where like I have this second split with like stuff added. But what you're saying does make sense personally wouldn't. I just think you can tell a nice story about it. Okay, it doesn't make sense. I understand. Yeah, I think I wrote here. Can you go now one that? Sure. Yeah, I wrote here, I said, this is the most important slide of the presentation. These two combined. Because they are the method, right? Yeah. And so take the fine. And when you're preparing like the scripts, and I think the next one as well, when you show kind of the plots, right? take your time, think about how to explain this. Like, this is probably part of the presentation I would practice, like in detail, with a bit of a script. Okay. So that you that you know, Again, if you get people on board at this point, they're with the rest of the presentation. Yeah, yep, yep, yep. You just have to get them on board, that's all. I agree. That makes sense. That's cool. Because, yeah, this is the core method, yeah. Yeah, exactly, right. This is the real heart of like, if they understand what you're doing at this point, then you're in business. Yeah. Okay. I also just say which SBI method you're using, like MPE. Okay, sure, sure, sure, sure. It's a simple one. Again, just to orient people. That's all. I will it down. I mean, there applies across the board, right? Like, you could use this other settings. Yeah, I didn't know if getting into like, amualization and mentioning that sort of thing here would be useful.. I don't think so. Okay, so just MPs the level that we get to. Okay, makes sense. Exactly. I think what I would say is here in this project we're using MPE, but, you know, of course, in print word applies, you know, to other settings. Yeah. Yeah, and then, again, if you go up one slide, it kind of applies there, but it's really, these are comments like across the board. Explaining very carefully why you would expect that if I take a piece of data from split 1 and a piece of data from split 2, why you would expect the posteriors to differ very slightly or you know, differ a little bit, even in the pance of the system. Okay, why, yeah, okay. Yeah, okay. and that's just basian coverage, you know? That is just this argument about, like, you know, if I regenerate the data with the same parameters, I will get very slightly different posteriors and they will cover the true value slightly differently, right? And actually, if they did agree exactly every single time, that would actually be a very strong implicication that something was wrong with your posterior. right? Yeah. So, and the whole point, why do I think that you should explain that carefully? It's to motivate why that KL distribution should not be zero and delta function as zero. Yeah, yeah.. It's, you know, so that when they see that distribution of KL, and you've told them, hey, by the way, KL measures roughly the difference between posterio on split 1 of bleri on split 2. Even when we're in the perfect regime where there's no systematic, this number will generally not be zero. Generally not be zero, yeah. Okay. And you're saying that that's absolutely expected, that's what, you know, basin coverage is telling us. It would actually be wrong if it was always zero. If those pos zero was always matched. And here's how we use that to calibrate our expectations, you know, in the kind of perfect example. But again, just making sure, if you lose people at that point, they're going to see these distributions of KL and be very confused. Okay, okay. Makes sense. Cool. Uh, yeah, okay, I said. I think Vaseline made this point as well. We're in the Gaussing example. Yes. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I think it's this one. I think A, just having more visuals, like just on like showing what posteriors match, what does, you know, just a bit more a few more visuals here, that would be great. And also, you know, 0.1 needs context. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think that I'meating the point that Vic made already. I think. I think Will Will agreed and said, like, if you have some data realizations and show what you mean by shifting, I mean by like two normal overlaid show that they've been shifted, that kind of thing, that will make it a lot clearer too. perfect. I think. And then was the bit. Yeah, sure. Right, only rushing a timement just because I have to make a move. No, yeah, sure, sure, sure. So on the same B bit, I wrote, I think just giving a physical example why this split might be natural when you talk about the split in this context.. Okay, yeah, sure. And so, I mean, when you say, like the different spot, it just, I mean, anything here is absolutely fine. Something like, oh, you know, the difference between spring and summer. Is that summer random, like that, right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and I think. Yeah, I think that's quite physical, because like, you get different amounts of like water vapor, etc., etc. So that has, right. Like just something that people can kind of tangibly go like, oh yeah, you know what? I buy that, right? Like I'd buy that that. could change things. Makes sense. I wrote in general, but I think this will just come with practice once you're a bit so on your results. I was like, the argument line kind of once you've got into the results just dropped off a little bit. really, really good up until. So if you can keep that level that you had for the first half in terms of how you were laying things out and you can apply that to SECNO, I think it'll be killer. But it just dropped off a little bit. That's where you just need to take a step back and think, what am I actually trying to communicate? Sure, sure, sure. It makes sense. But this is, you know, one of the first scientific presentations you've ever given, right? Yeah. So, you know, it's not a surprise and it takes time to calibrate where's that line? Because you can go too far the other way, where you don't tell people enough about what you've done. Sure. And that's also a state. Okay, sure. But yeah, and I said, nice seeing people like, maybe we need to see some corner plots at some point just do it. Yeah, okay. But that's, I also know that these are kind of initial results. I'm kind of thinking a bit further forward here.. And I think that was it. Making sure that final point, which was just making sure that you don't rely too much on telling people about KL values, because they care more about data about So don't talk too much about physical. Okay. The KO people that physical intuition, and that's why I'm talking about like, okay, what does it mean shift at 0.1 mean? Well, you know, if I have one day to realise, you know, one draw for my my gas of normal, one, shift of 0.1 is not such a big deal, right? So it kind of makes sense that that's hard to detect. Whereas, you know, 0.4, in other words, like, for sigma, something like that, then it starts to be a bit easier to detect or something, you. So just giving people these intributs, I think is very important. Okay, makes sense. That is very, yeah, it does make a lot of sense. Awesome. That was all I had. Cool. I think that lines up pretty well with what else I've been told as well. So that's. That's good. That's good. But honestly, it was very, very good first effort. The whole point of having these practice presentations is so that you kind of go through that a little bit low stakes, right? Yeah. I think it did a great job. I really do. Like, I think you were very, very well prepared. A few more visuals, slightly better storyline in the second half, and just getting your own head very, very clear on 100% what's going on and it will be really good. Cool. I'm glad, yeah, that's good to hear yeah.. Sorry, I have to jump off. No, that's not good. But yeah, let's try soon. Okay. Perfect. Thank you. All right, take care. Thanks for the advice. Really appreciate it. It's good. It's my job, right? See you later. Cheers. Thank you. Bye. Bye.