How are you? Good, thanks. Just, good see for James and Will to join? Yeah. feel luck in Cambridge now. Yeah, I'm back now. Well, I guess time starts today, but I've only got one lecture course from doing this this time. So no lectures today, I guess. I shouldn't be happy about. It's less lectures in that right for part three? Yeah, I think like Project you can do less and I've got like for Astra, you have the research project, right? So you only need to do four courses and I did like five last term anyway. So I'm particular a bit lighter this term both ones that are I know you taking any of this term or what. I'm doing, a course on Asteroid statistics, because I think it would turn quite nicely to this. And then maybe I'll go to Field theurium cosmology as well because it links to some of the course choices I had last term just see how it goes. I think the Ast for stance is probably a good choice, I think it is. Yeah, to help but yeah, understands things. And like the nice things is I don't have to do don't have to do it in the exams if I don't like it as much, but I can just go and learn, I guess, because I've got choices now. Nice. I will. Hey, thanks for sharing the link. It's all right, it was. Hey. So we can wait a couple of minutes for James. Hey, guys. Hey. Hey. Sorry, I didn't make it in. No., yeah, anyway. How are you getting on? How are you, Jack? I'm good, thank you. How are you? Yeah, we're getting there. It's a bit ridiculous at the moment, but that's fine. Like, there are levels are ridiculous and I like to not play up to it too much, but it's a bit silly. But yeah, I'm in Italy next week in the dollarites for a conference, which would be nice. That's really cool. But I had like I haven't set my talk yet, so. But no, it should be good. Right. Where are we at? Cool. So, from last week's meeting, I tried to sort of go through the kind of steps that you gave. The first thing I did was I changed the simulator for the cal calibration data to be exactly the same as what we used for the training data before we used our models. And like as it turned out, that's like stopped giving me negative values. I think, I'll share my screen and you guys can kind of see through some results. Did you maybe want to give just a very quick sentence summary for James? I. You saw the email, but maybe like a summary of what we sort of discussed and where it was at, maybe. So what we saw last week was I tried splitting data in two different ways, one by even an odd integers, like like taking the even an odd and one by the first half, versus the second half. and then calibrating the KL for both. And what I saw was when you did even an odd because you'd expect them to be really similar, the KO values were sort of centered around zero and like what what I did I can also share my screen, like is I like a computer, like a critical value, et cetera. And that was always like quite, quite small. But when I did the same sort of thing with first half, second half, I'd get values similar to, sorry I was scrolled up. This is not the p wanted to show Yeah, so this is like an example. We'd calibrate, we'd get something centered around zero and I'd calibrate like a calculate a critical value for like a 95% confidence into kind of thing and see what do we observe when we do it with our actual data, if it's large enough, then we can reject our our hypothesis. And what we saw that was quite good was when we calibrated this for even an odd splits versus first half, second half, the first half second half was way higher. Sharonaring kind of the value of the calibration. But we wanted to consider last week was we were getting a few negative values. And was this just due to Monte Carlo errors at a numerical problem, or is it something wrong with the code? So what we recommended was.... I know I know this is a summary as well. These numbers are quite large, right? For KL. Sure. Like a KL of 10 is quite a large number. I thought.. I just wanted to flag, like, how different have you looked at the posterior distributions themselves? Like, how different do they look? I guess I've not compared the posteriors, but I thought the point of this is we don't know what's big or small. I guess. Last week we had two things, which was like the distribution for this even odd thing, which was really small. Like I forget, it was a distribution. It also had a big tail, but it was something like this, and the width of this was like.. 0.01 or something like that. So it was tiny. And then the first half second half was kind of like what we're seeing now where it was mostly positive and it was a lot of 10. And I think that was what we were expecting. You also did show some of the posteriors, I think, last time for the two parameters and they weren't overlapping in this case. Yes. But that was the situation last, maybe okay, cool, cool. So I'm sorry for jumping in. I No, no, no, please. I think what's changed slightly now is like, what I did was like in my code previously, I just was simulating a trajectory, but that didn't match how I'd made my training data, which as I simulated it then added some noise to it. So I've changed that to add that noise and then I saw that I stopped getting negative values completely. Like it was sort of capped at zero. But I thought the important things to look at were, like we said, how mean science deation and like a standard deviation over root of N, like vary with with N. I've plotted those below and I think this is on a log scale, but you do see that your error just like decreases with end, so may be kind of as we expected.. This is Sorry, the Monticolo in what? So what we've grabbed is when you calculate your KO, we're doing like log of P1 minus log of P2 taking demean of that over some N feet a number of trials. So what we've grabbed is the standard deviation and then done that over root of entheta. Yeah, okay, cool. Yeah, so what we discussed last night was there were two reasons this would be negative. One is that there's a bug somewhere in the pipeline or two because you're doing some monte Calo era and like, you know, we were getting like it was very small values and it's possible that, you know, that I forget, you had 500 samples or something like that that just with those, it looks like the era is bigger than what you were seeing last week anyway. So they kind of result you were seeing probably weren't numerical noise, but it also sounds like that probably was a spark in the not adding the noise as we discussed in., also an issue. I think so. I think so. Okay, cool. Because if in like, I did this but I started looking at it a bit less because we weren't I wasn't getting negative Iues anymore. I mean, this is a good test to do it. It's always good to know, like roughly what is your level of Monte Carlo noise compared to your signal and it sounds like, you know, so your mean, sorry, is the top row so your mean value is like your mean K is 0.7. So, yeah. So yeah, I think this is good. I think.. So your mean kale is 0.7, but the histograms you were showing above, they were like 10 or 30 or something or oh no, okay. It's in that range, I guess. I see. It're just a mean is 0.7 of that just. Yeah. We used to think about Gaussians. Yeah. Then what I then went to do is what was suggested right at the end of the meeting, which was now calibrate it with a small like perturbation added to one of your splits and compare how like how that's detected in your calibration. So one of the questions, are all the results you're showing in the moment for like first half second half or is all for even odd. So this is like the other question, like I wanted to talk about. I did all of this with even odd because it was working. And then what I tried to do is rather than having to constit, like I've saved the results for two models I've trained, but I want to move this thing at the top. Okay.. Yeah, this is the main issue you're having. With when I try to do this for first or second half, I'm having issues with like, you know, when the the samples fall out of the prio support, that's happening, like a lot with, like it's happening pretty much every case with now that I've like changed the simulation step to be with the noise added, this is now giving me problems with with this here, essentially this sort what I'm trying to say. Yeah, like none of my none of my posterious samples are with in the price support now. And I don't know why this has happened because all I've changed is the simulation step of of like just doing like a run over 4,000 versus doing this for like with the noise added. And I looked into it one like small mistake I found was previously I was like when my observed datas like a run over 4,000 split into 2000 2000. This was doing a split of 2000 2000 like so 2000 into 1,000 each. So I've changed that, I've made like the span like an input and everything. But that's still not working. And even when I go back to the old function, it's not working, I'm not really sure why. This is what I've been looking at this morning, but I'm trying to figure this out, but I think it it might just be like a bug with the code. But which we can talk about in a second. But going back to this example just quickly to show you the other thing at the end. I've added that small sort of perturbation to one of my one of my like splits. So for example, in this, I increase the population of the links by 3% consistently. Like systematically everywhere. systematically everywhere 3% higher. And you see that the critical values both change and the distribution of this KO changes like it gets spread out and more flat. to like slightly higher levels, whereas before it has peaked more around zero now, like it has shifted slightly. It does look like with this test, it would be hard to detect like systematic offset of 3% then. So I tried a few Can you see the word document? No. Okay, wait, let me change that. I I just like saved a few results. Sorry, let me try that. Bear with me, sorry. Okay. I just, like, I tried a few just to sort of see what happens. I did a pretty big change at first, so I did links population up by 5% and the hair population down by 5%. And that gave like really significantly different, I don't know, if significantantly different as the right word. I don't know how you quantified this as well. I know. This is more what somewhat more what you expect, right? You know? So it seems like, you know, maybe a typical value in this is more like a KL difference of like probably the mean of this is somewhere more, well, maybe a bit here, but you know what I mean? This is a rare ref fluctation in the top case.. So yeah, that was with like more of a change. So that up 5%, that down 5%. I also tried like a very small increase as well, which was like a 0.5 increase in your link's population and this spat out like critical values that were pretty much the same and then finally, I did the case that I talked about just then, which was like, gave it a small but noticeable change, essentially. So I'm not sure how many.. a different question, which is like keeping all your plots in here with some comments about what you're doing. I think it's a really great idea, like having some log of how things change. So that's that's great. What you've done earlier as well. same thing. Like having like instead of scrolling through notebooks's much easier to see.. It realise you to go back and make sure, you know, as you update things that if something changes, you can see what's changed. This is kind of exactly the kind of thing that you would always need to do. Like some test is going to have some sensitivity and this tells you that this kind of test would be able to detect roughly a 5%, you know, you'd have to compute the exact number, but the threshold it's going to be somewhere around 5% is the level of like systematic offset you'd be able to detect by this. Sure. Yeah, as if that was my next sort of question is like, how would we go about quantifying, like, like, yeah, maybe sensitivity is the right word. Like, because when I made a 0.5% increase, there was like, it was not bearely detected, but I made a 3% increase and it is detected kind of thing. Yeah, I think what you would want to like a one way that I would think that you could summarize this. And of course, there are many ways is like when the median value of this perturbed distribution, I don't know. And this is just one examp. So when the medium value of this, this distribution, that's not the case here. But say it was, exceeds the critical value for your null case. That would tell you that, you know, you have your sensitivity at the 95% level to this type of systematic is 5% or 3% or whatever that value comes up to be. Okay, I think. That's the other way to use it, right, is that the point of calibrating the distribution in a case where you know there's no systematics is on an individual observation, you can then also say, you know exactly I can detect this. And I like the idea that you can do both of those because you're kind of doing some sort of sensitivity analysis when you then generate the full histogram with a systematic in play. And you say, how many times would I detect this with my method at a certain componence level, right? Okay. I think I follow, like, can you explain that one more time, Siri? So... There's kind of.. Okay, imagine you start with a base simulator, right? Yeah. And there's no systematics, and therefore, the posterior should be consistent, but they're only consistent in the statistical sense. And you measure it via the KL. and you say, okay, these should give me the same answer answer. I measured that the average difference, which is you generate this histogram, in a case where there is no misspecification between the two data sets.. And that's, you know, something version of the histogramshy've looked at so far.. And then it's kind of two scenarios. You could two questions you could ask. The first question is, if I have if I introduce a sstematic into one of my data sets, right? And then I analyze the data with my models that are trained on the correctly specified one, right? I'm working in a regime where I. I only have that model, right? Like, I only know my base model, I think is correct. Then I can ask a question of like, if I repeat that process a whole bunch of times, how many times would I detect that there was in fact a systematic error given my KL metric? Okay. That's one question you can. So you can you know, you can then think about the types of systematics you might see and kind of work your way iteratively through them and say, well, actually, this test is not particularly sensitive to blah, blah, blah, blah, because maybe it doesn't move the posteriors too much. Something like that. It might still be a systematic there. The other thing you can do is you can then say, okay, well, I've trained my models. I have a good idea of how consistent they should be. Let me go and take real data where I don't know what the model is, right? I don't know how that's specified. There is some true underlying base model, in principle. But, you know, we don't have access to it. And I'm going to use my test to try and determine whether my real data has any evidence for miswilding in this sort of sense. But they're two kind of different things. One is a sensitivity analysis of saying, what can I detect with this method? And another one is an application to like real data where you say, okay, I want to actually utilize this method to detect some unknown systemic potentially. Okay, so if I'm plugging in like my observed data and then saying, what is the KO and then comparing to these critical values of this histogram, that would be an example of the second kind. But what we also trying to do is is the first kind where we say I'm going to introduce some systematic and see like on our like over like some amount of times how often is it detected or like how often is the value of this past the threshold kind of thing and you want to do both. Well, I mean, we have freedom to do everything. Yeah, sure, of course, yeah. It's their idea, right? Yeah, okay. I think I follow. That does make sense. I think the second, you know, the second example is how you'd apply it to data in the first case it's sort of showing that this is actually you just, you know, you always want to do tests that are useful and, you know, if this if this test turns out not to be physically purple then there's no point in doing it. Okay. I mean, we can't give a really redundant example, but you say, okay, I save my data and I'm multiplied by zero. This is my process. I take my data, I'm multiplied by zero and I check if it's different from zero, there's a systematic. And I do the same thing to my real data, and I never find a systematic. It's not a wrong test. There's a perfectly good test statistic. It's just a crap test. It has no sensitivity. Okay, makes sense. You know, and that's what you have to, when you're coming up with a new sort of test or a new sort of method, particularly for detecting these sort of like model mis specification things, you do have to check that it's actually sensitive and maybe you might compare that to like classical approaches and try and understand like, is this more or less sensitive, right? Yeah. What are the benefits? What are are the cons? That sort of thing. Okay. Okay, yeah, I think that makes sense. But I think that's what I worked on pretty much was like writing the code for like comparing this and adding that perturbation and then plotting the stuff versus N. And yet, like trying to go through and like debg and find small issues in my code. I'm still not entirely like sure about maybe what's going on here. Like, I'm I'm still trying to go through and find find out why this is going wrong for a larger case. Like it's been running for 20 minutes and it's still stuck on like the first example. Because it's, like I said, it's completely out. To me that suggests that there's some bug going on here. Before we move on to this case, could we look at a few more things in the first case? Could we actually look at some of the posteriors of your. Do you have a posterior? But, you know, like split one versus split two? Yeah. Is the level of noise, you're adding really large Because before we were seeing that these data sets were really perfectly correlated, basically and I guess my understanding of how that could change with what you're doing is if you had a really large level of noise that become decorrelated. Yeah, okay. I'll grab some code from here and I'll I'll plot that.. Yeah, okay, because I don't have like I have saved the posteriors, but um Okay, I mean, this is maybe just something we can. Yeah, I think this.. better one second. Okay, sir. It's okay. We can it's right. I. I think, yeah, it's only one array to grab, but yeah, okay. Yeah, I can do that. Do you have a plot showing Ruffy the level of noise that you're adding. So these are the noiseless runs, are they, that you're looking here? This is the observed data. The level of noise, I don't have a plot. I'm not sure what you plot to show that. So those two runs already have the noise in it, is it? Yeah. They have the noise added and they're being trained. I think this should be it because I've this is like samples from my first posterior. I can let that run, but.. I think this isn't this is for the other case. This is when I'm splitting by first and second half rather than by even an odd. and the case that we're looking at in the next code, is even an odd. But like, I've got all the every like result is saved so I can go back through and like like all the stuff you want me to look at but. These things don't look very noisy, right? So I wouldn't expect that.. This is just I wouldn't even a nod. This is just our actual observed data, like split by first half and the second half. Like, who because with this whole lot of Ortera, we're working with, like fake observed data kind of thing. Like, we're choosing some parameters and seeing if we can get back to those parameters. And this was like with those parameters that we chosen, like the observed data that we had that we were trying to fit to. and then going down, this was like this. Right, just one more question. I think I'm slightly confused. Like, this is the observator with the noise, right? 'Cause that's part of the observation. Oh, no. This is not with the noise. So actually, this was one of the questions I had. After we talked about it last week for for the training data, sorry, for the calibration data, we have to follow the same process as the training data, right, which meant that if in my training data, split one, I had some pass on noise and if split T I add Gaussian noise, then for your calibration data, you have to do the same for split one and for split two kind of thing, right? Or whatever you're saying is your n, you have to add that noise to both. For my observed data, these are without noise added currently, right? This is just.. So this is an internal, I see.. This is just a trajectory, like the trajectory, and I would so for the actual observations, would I want to add that noise to like, that was a question I had. I think that's like something I've not done. Yeah, you definitely want to write. Like the point of, in some sense, the point of this is you, whatever has happened to your data is, you want to do it exactly the same thing if you can to your simulations, right? Like Yeah, okay. I think, because these are just like, I felt like what I I think previously what I've done is I've just found the summmary statistics for it before I've added the noise, but then my training data has the noise added then the summary statistics calculated. So I think that's a mistake in in the code that I'll go back and fix. Because I saw I realised like that I't such an effect, for example, in the calibration, it completely gets through the negative values. So that's one thing I'll also go back and do like, oh, add noise, I can plot them again once their noisy and see like how much these rejectories change and then maybe that will help fix whatever's going wrong with the first half second long splits.. But I think that was like the team main questions I had was about, um first was I meant to be like doing that from the start, after seeing the effect of that. And then second he was about quantifying the change in your KL calibration when you had a small perturbation. But we've discussed the second point, I guess, and I've discussed the first two, but. Yeah, I think this is now plotted. So yeah, I guess the model was trained, like like not not like it's yeah, um. It's well trained for Al from Bea, but not for Delta and gant, which was consistent with what we found, like, it's. Yeah, I'm not sure. I was just thinking. I have I have a separate suggestion, just in addition to the training that you're doing here. which is to potentially consider adding a simple example, something like a Gaussian, like a multivariate Gaussian, take it off the SBI website, right? They have some kind of built in examples that you can that you can train very correctly, that you can compare directly to, you know, just classical, I mean, if you take a Gaussian, you know the exact answer for the posterior, right? Yep. And. You can use that example to you know, to get all the KL stuff working properly to make sure that all of that makes sense because you can just overlay all the posteriors with classical ones. You know if there's any mistakes, so that it's guaranteed that that's not the problem. Yeah, okay, that't makes sense because I think the thought processacel like that. No, I think that makes sense. Because I've been having issues with training this look of Oterro stuff, like completely possible Yeah, I would add I think the look of Oter is basically the hardest, I mean, they're obviously much harder SBI problems, but in terms of the benchmark ones they have, it's usually the hardest one. And there are some tricky bits about it. Like, for example, none of these parameters can go negative or else the physical model doesn't make sense and then this is why you start to get lots of boundary issues. If you don't parameterize the model well. So I think the default thing is just to do the same uniform box and actually, again, it's a bit technical, but you kind of want to actually parameterize the log of these things because then they can never, you want to put a log normal prior on these values, which is, but that kind of complexity is a bit fiddly. So as James is saying, it's probably easier to try and pull one of the easier. If there is a linear model, example, it'll be much easier to work with because you don't have issues like any boundaries in your parameter space, which are actually quite tricky issues for SBI in general or for neural surrogates in general, just because they want to be really smooth. So hard edges and something that wants to be smooth just doesn't. There are often sort of bugs that kind of show up with that.. So yeah, just to kind of echo what James was saying. To me, this looks like something is going wrong, right? Like, I think every time we've looked at these kinds of plots, your data has been very different from where it should be, right, right? And to me that says, like, you know, if this can happen once or twice, but if this happens every time, that there's underlying indication that something isn't well trained or there's a mismatch between your Sims and your data or something like that. Okay. Yeah. Makes sense. We can always sort of revisit this example as, again, as James is saying, it's better to understand maybe whether all the pipelines working and then we can sort of go back and say, my guess would be that you really want to use a log normal prior on the parameters in Locher Volterra? That's what my steer would be. But that's a bit more statssy and actually, for what we're doing, it's probably better to try and sub in a simpler model that's a bit better paved. Yeah, sure Makes sense. Makes sense. Makes sense. Yeah, I think that makes sense because then I don't have to do it like, you're focusing just on like the chaos stuff rather than like on training the model and stuff. It's where to just checking now whilst we were all together, like on the SBI website is there. There's going to be a list of things and it'd be good to maybe just point to one that James thinks is good once he's done wrestling with. Ebert, sorry. He like to join meetings. Sure. Um. Let's have a look. Yeah, I can.. Yeah, if you just go on the SBI website and just look on examples. Yeah. Wind the wrong place or No, that looks okay. Um, not. Maybe, yeah. Go't youorials, perhaps? Uh, yeah. Thanks started. Yeah, I think the bas. Sorry, I. I think I need to dash off to meet a visitor, and now, it's all good. These key meeting. Just highlight them, we have this talk at 3 pm today in one of the talk speakers is going to be talking about new sampling methods. I guess an alternative MCC, not an SBI thing, but it might be of interest. That' would be, we have two talks, and that's what one of them is about, and it'd be at 3 p.m. in the r. Anyway, sorry, I have to dash off. I think you're making good progress. These are like quite subtle things there in general, I think the ideas of the framework seem to be in place. So I think I think this is good. Cool. Let's catch up, I guess, next week. Cool. Great. See you. That sounds great. Stay well. Let's say we can wrap up quickly, as well. But I think, you know, just writing down, in general, I think this is a useful exercise for UJ is, you know, getting in your head clear like, can you can you write down analytically, you know, take a Gaussian, take a Gaussian like ahead with, say a Gaussian prime on the parameters can you write down the posterior? Can you derive that analytically Can you plot that? And can you get the same results with, you know, with SBI Can you get the same results with MCMC? Because, you know, and once you've got all of those things working, and that shouldn't take a long, doing it, in a really simple case, you know, 2D Gaussian, something like that, where you can plot everything, you can, you know, you can grid everything, you can plot it, and you can be really confident in the answers. Okay, yeah. You know, getting used to writing down likelihoods, you know, what is the probability of observing these 10 values from a Gaussian, right? Well, it's the product over all of them because we're all independent. And then, do you see what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Makes sense. And then then you use that to develop the framework as well. Okay. So, okay, cool. Just trying to like think about it in terms of between like this week and the next meeting, like the clear tasks that I need to do. So that that's number one, like like that makes sense. It's just work through my stats probably and like write down, like analytically do that like myself on pen and paper and then see if I can recover that with SBI then in terms of like the framework or any any of these other things, is there anything else I should try and like look at or focus on for this week? I think it's still going to be important for you to pick up some more information on the CNB and I think maybe reading a bit more actively about that. Okay. You know, I don't know how much you've studied any CNB physics before in any of the causes. Like, I've done a few cosmology courses, so. So just building on that, you know, and trying to understand some of the the key physics that's going on with, you know, particularly if you look at these ground-based surveys, you know, just what are some of the challenges that they' There can be quite high level, but I think it's important that it's starting to internalize, you know, some of some of the possible systematics, right? Because that's not going to be necessarily covered in a cosmology course. Yeah, sure that yeah, actually. You know, it's more about like, how is the data actually taken, you know, in something like the signs observatory? I'm not saying you need to have a really detailed understanding, but just some ideas about what type of things might go wrong compared to, say, the plank Saturday. Okay, okay. Makes sense. Yeah. Cool. So I think I think it's good to have like to a balance as well. Like one is a kind of technical theory side implementation, and that's more the kind of background reading sort of. So there are different tasks. Cool. makes sense. Yeah, makes sense. I'm just wondering, I just should No, go on. Sorry. Sorry, go ahead. No, no, go ahead, go ahead. I just shared in the chat. I mean, I just looking down a list of things, there isn't one of the tutorial, and again, it's actually, they seem to be overhauling their docks, so the docks look a bit weird, but they have a sort of posterior predictive check, which did toy example, I use here is probably a good toy example. I can't. You'd have to follow the chain of things, but, yeah. So it might be worth I think it's this.. I'm not sure where they're notebooks actually are, but this references in this are toy Yeah, I've got it open. Toy posterior for 07 So it loads the toy problem from something else and I'd have to find the source of that. But trying to sort of transpose what, because it's also a a good exercise to make sure you know you've got your head around all the like adding noise. What is data? What is a model? Yeah. By transferring what you've done on the Locable Territory into actually it might be easier. Sometimes these are a bit more abstract when they're analyt examples is a bit harder to see what you're actually data's quite tangible for L Volterra because you sort of, you know, you have it's physical. I's a number of boxes. So I would, it's probably worth just going having a look through and again, I'd it'd be somewhere in their repository'll have a bunch of tutorial number books. And I think the problem that this thing is referring to is probably a good place to start. But if you do do have a bit of a chance to look through, do feel free to send just a quick update saying, does this look like the right because I think it'll be good to if we sort of not approve, but it's good to make sure we're working on a problem that we think is something where we won't have these kind of potential boundary issues and things like that. I see, I see. Okay. That makes sense. So if I'm going to repeat back to you what I'm going to be working on, it's A, look at Gaussian distributions, like a TD Gaussian, look at analytically and then also try and recover that an SBI, look at a simple toy problem from the SBI dos, like the one that you've sent here and see if I can get like SBI to work properly on that and then I can maybe look at trying to adapt these KO calibration stuff to like their imple models and see see what I'm getting. I guess just like have a play around and then on the CNB side of things, have a read through some of the topics James mentioned. and get some sort of familiarity with the systematics you might enc. Yeah, okay, makes sense, I think. Yes. I'm missing something. So actually, just even looking at that, actually, there isn't even just below this, on the left and while there isn't a simulation based calibration in SBI that may overlap a lot with what we're doing, but actually now you kind of probably have a much better understanding of this. The example that they're running here is, I think pretty much the sort of toy problem we were thinking of. Oh, it's very normal. Okay, right. So actually, this might be good just to sort of cross-check everything and make sure you're kind of.. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I. Just make sure you can get like this, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, I see. I see. And it'll be easier. So in some sense, we can't of strung you up a bit by pointing because yeah, a lot of water error is kind of the nastiest model in all of these samples, but, you know, it's good to sort of think about what things are difficult. Sure, makes sense. That's Yeah, it makes a lot of sense. Okay, great. Cool. I'm trying to think if I've got any more questions or if you guys have any more comments or like advice for me, but I think I think it's just, you know, a lot of the time in these sort of projects, there's a lot of moving parts, right? So this is not thoughts, this is just general light, my experience in the past. And you have to tune up each of those parts really carefully, right? Because especially if you only see the end of the pipeline. You know, there can be many different points where it can be. And so you need to find ways you need to be kind of a little bit creative in coming up with specific tests of like, okay, how can I take out that complexity, put in something simple so that I can test the next bit, right? And doing that a bit more like actively is always useful, I think. Sure. You know, because otherwise you get to the end, you're like, I don't really know and there's no way you can know if you know, you see a KL distribution and it goes from to ten and it's like. It's hard to know whether that's right, you know, because we don't have comparisons. We don't know if that scales the different dimensionality or, you know, the difficulty of the problem or how you did the split or, you know, so you need to build that intuition up before you can look at that and be like, mm, that looks a bit weird. Sure. Okay. Makes sense. Yeah. Awesome. Good stuff. Cool. Do you have anything else? Otherwise, I think we can we can wrap it up. No, I think that's good. Yeah, I think and again, the way that often these things go is sometimes parking problems and then doing something a bit different and then you probably figure out something about what's going on in this lock ofolterror problem as well. So it's not to say we're going to like bid all this off, but it's usually quite useful to just park something and actually maybe try to a slightly different angle and then yeah. So I think in terms of the the actual sort of SBI hands-on coding stuff, I think this is all looking, yeah, I think, yeah, good good progress and one of these kind of simpler linear models might help make some connections with this as well and then obviously it don't apply to the CMB as well. Sure. Okay. It seems like in a good position to me. Cool. I think it's one of those ones. You just have to take a bit of a deep breath sometimes and trust that, you know, if you do these steps thisatically, you make all the bits work independently, things come together very fast at the end, right? But they can't come together fast if everything's a little bit up in the air. Okay, makes sense. Makes sense. You know? Cool. That's where you have to trust the process a little bit. Makes sense. Okay, cool. Cool. Right, guys great stuff. cool. So I guess if James, probably won't be around next week, but it' we can. Probably not. provisionally aimed for around this time, Thursday again. I was hoping we could meet a little bit earlier in the week because I have. Yeah, potentially, yeah. I've got first year, I'd get the work done a bit quicker and I have something on like an interview on Friday so I wanted to do work on that yeah, so I can I can send an email so I cannot let well know as well. Yeah, yeah, but what sort of email? I imagine I think Will is often remote except on Thursdays, but I'm sure he's happy to fall for in a good time. Okay, makes sense. Great. Cool. All right, well, sounds good. Yeah, see you next week, then.. Cheers. Take care. Bye. Yeah. Bye.