Yeah, I, uh, had 2 days off, and unfortunately, both have actually been working. Yes, but I guess the things go. Yeah, yes, we will. Yeah, is what it is. Do you want to talk through the things you said? It sounds like you're making free progress. Yeah, um, so I've got like, I think, pretty well established the CMB, like, sort of SBI pipeline. And the way that's sort of working is I'm directly adapting the code that you sent me. Um, like building a compressor, like finding the sort of local derivatives and like, that's how you're estimating the universe at that point by using that, that, that's compression when it's building it once and then applying it multiple times. And the other thing that sort of sped me along is I kind of mentioned in the email is... Uh, what, one second? Just to make sure I've got it correct, your, um, The compression, you built the compression and it fits all of your SBI, right? Or does it come out for the data? Yeah. Yeah, it's for all of the SBI. So that's one thing that like I've been trying to address recently is like, um, that compressor works best near like your plank values. Um, and I guess what I was previously doing was a pretty wide uniform prior. Um, kind of like the, I think it was the initially the uniform prior that you specified in your, like, compressor code, like, sort of as a baseline. But when you'd get drawers that were towards the edge of that uniform distribution, it wasn't behaving very well and my posteriors looked kind of like a bit weird. like they had 2 peaks and they were like not in the centre essentially. Yeah. So I guess what I was thinking to myself is to what extent can I justify like making it a normal distribution centered at the plank values? And I think that's a pretty reasonable, like, assumption to make. Um, and from doing that, like, the posteriors look a lot better. And also additionally, like I said, like, I've got a cluster now on the, on the, on the, like, IOA cluster. I've got a virtual environment now. So I've like also learned how to queue my code like disconnect and then like leave it running for a bit. So I started to rerun results with like 100,000 simulations and just like leave it and check back in a day. Um, which is which is starting to give me better, better results, which is which is good. Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, so I think a casting prayer probably makes sense. What you're describing is completely right, right? So I think I think I sent you this paper on how this compression works, right? And so that compression is optimal in, uh, at the, at the triple point. Yeah, straight, and it gets what exactly. It's like a local, like locally optimum kind of thing. Yeah, they do they do propose like an iterative method, but, um, I think probably what you're doing at the moment is fine. If we get to check in with David to get his thoughts on this, but yep, we can we can do that asynchronously, I guess. Because in some sense, you know, that is obviously a very important part of the SDI pipeline, but I'll go, this project is not like reinvented away with compression. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I think providing your posterior is sufficiently narrow compared to your prior. So we are actually learning some information. Um, then, then I think having a gussian prior is reasonable. Yeah. How do your how do your post series compare to your to your prior? How do my posteriors compare to my prior? So my prior like is looking like just like a Gaussian peak now, right? Yep My posterior is like, once I smooth them, they look pretty good. I'm just trying to get my code open. I think I've been saving everything to get her breakfast. So I think that might have my results, so I'm actually going to double chip that before I VS code is pretty laggy on my laptop is the only thing, but if I just have a look, I can share my screen. Um, Where is this? Your posteriors are shrinking in body compared to your bread, right? Yeah, because I'm, yeah. Okay. Uh, I'll share my screen in just a 2nd while this load, like, I'm sure this load. Um, and you can sort of see hopefully the results. By the way, did the anyway, give you a cluster, like usage allocation, like how many CPU hours and things? They didn't say that. They just, so there's like the supercomputers, which I do have access to, I think, because of what you said. I've just been running on like the local machines. I've not been using the super. Oh yeah, on the distributed network. Yeah, and that's been relatively, so probably quick enough for me. Um, and it was like a, like a 1st step if, like, just, like, to use those supercomputers from everyone I've spoken to that was in the session with me, no one has figured it out yet. Oh, really? Yeah, that's not good. It was a 23 hour session and like everyone left more confused than they started up. Oh, sorry. If you have a chance to give feedback, perhaps give that feedback because that sounds very useful for them to know that this wasn't a useful session. Yeah, yeah. Which isn't good. Like, it's a waste of 2 hours, but also of everyone else's 2 hours if you didn't get anything from it. Yeah. Sorry, I just need to scroll down. Yeah, so these were my priors. It's still saying... Uh... Oh, yeah, now it's working. Okay, yeah. Those were my priors. I think this is results trained on like a 100,000 simulations, right? Okay. So the priors are looking kind of as you'd expect, Gaussian. Your ranges are very large, right? So you can rescare of these or something? I'm... And let me double check. Oh, this is in the, uh, this is the X's, not the, like, these are the, like, the, uh, the summaries, yeah, not the actual parameters. I could plot the parameters. It's not really too much of a change. It's just because once I've generated these samples, I thought I might as well plot them. Oh, right, so, sorry, so these are, these are drawers from the sample, from the prior that you then push through to the summary. Yeah. So I guess the result of your school compression, like how they center around. Your true value. And it's similar for the other split. Um, I don't know why that displays that. Yeah. These are looking like... So this is like, this is the posteriors trained and like, I don't think training more simulations is going to help. I think they're sort of bumpiness is, is like due to like when you're not near this true value, these are the parameters themselves, but they, like, previously they used to have 2 peaks to the edges and now they've um, started to converge to look more normally distributed, I guess. Yeah, these are still a bit ragged. They're a bit ragged. Yeah, for sure. That they would be a bit better. It might be actually because your pride is so narrow. Yeah, okay. I can, I can, I can change that as well. It's, it, maybe... I'm not sure. As I said, yeah. This is my only like remaining concern about like, this is one thing I did want to talk about is like these posteriors, like, Because I thought maybe if I increased a number of simulations, that's going to make it more smooth. But it's clearly not simulations now, right? So then I thought, okay, maybe I just want to be working closer to the baseline values. But then by narrowing my prior too much is that too like informative. Yeah, well, so it'll be good to plot your prayer on top of here so we know how much you're learning. Okay, that's one thing I can make. Relative to your prayer. Pretty easily, do. I would do. And if you go back... Above, I think... These are these are like pro- I guess these are not parameters, so you can't really directly compare, but. Yeah, like these are, like, you are learning really tight relationships in this plane. I wonder if having slightly thicker distributions in all of these, like it doesn't have to be, I guess before you had like uniform coverage basically in here probably. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So maybe having having a broader ellipse would be helpful. So I think what I want to do is stick to the idea of normal, but widen my variance. kind of thing? I think so. Maybe send these send these 2 plots in the chat afterwards and see what David and James think. Yeah, I think our, yeah. I'll change it to output parameters and compare to parameters and um, I'll run it once with uh, like slightly wider, um, variants on my, on my prize. And then and see what I get. So I can take like a, like a, maybe like a few, like half a day and like run that code and then I'll put them in the chat tomorrow. Sounds good. Yeah, because I would have thought posterior should be fairly smooth Gaussians and so, yeah, like, do a little bit better than this, I think. Yeah. I think I think they just mainly like, like this is what I've been looking at and like they struggle a bit away from, away from the like compression range, that that's the main thing I'm finding, I guess. But, like, from there, like, I mean, that makes sense that the compression should get worse away from it. Yeah. Uh, I think, as well, this is Let me switch to this one. The KL resorts were coming out really well though. like afterwards. Yeah, I saw that and that looked really nice. Yeah. I think I reran, like I said, with the 100,000 Sims and did the rest of like the KO using that file. This is just gonna take a 2nd. But it came out at the same significance level as well, even though I've changed the priors and, um, Yeah, it came out at the same result. Like it seemed to be consistent. So I think that was that was kind of making sense at least. Yeah, I think. The test you're doing, I imagine, shouldn't be too sensitive to the prior if your prior is much bigger than your posterior. Yeah. Sorry, yeah, this this laptop's been a real, okay. I might have saved them to that. Yeah, like I said, before these meetings, I've been saving stuff to Google Docs just to sort of avoid this, this, um, Yes, okay. Yeah, I yeah, I did. I did. This is the one thing I do want to check. I said, I wanted to check my SBI training, uh, because I was unsure of, like, like, I also think this posterior shit looks me, they're kind of like they did in the, um, TD gasing case, but... Yeah, that's what I would expect too. Um, I'm not sure what amount of simulations is a good amount kind of thing. Because I might say 100,000, but maybe like... Yeah, 100,000 seems like it's a 60 problem, so that seems like you should be getting something a bit better. But also, if you're saying that this is, you're not seeing improvement with the number of simulations, like going from a 1000 to a 100,000, that probably says that that's not the limiting factor. And either, yeah, modern factor, what the structure of the prior is? What really helped was switching to the normal distribution to begin with, because previously, like, I don't know how to draw, but it looked like like 2 twin peaks and like the valley of the peak is where the true value was. So it wasn't training to the right place at all, which is why I started like messing around with what prize might like kind of improve this or what prize make the most sense. Um, and just like physically motivated by like these are the plank values like, So the way I was viewing it is you need to have like a justification for like every decision you're making, right? Uh, and I felt like I can justify choosing a normal, like a Gaussian prior based on, um, based on that fact. And like I said, like... Yeah, I think so what level of noise and things are you adding to your data? Sorry, it's so long ago when I sent you the script that I can't remember. Um, um, yeah, I, I, I've not entirely looked myself in, in a minute, but, um, I, like, I stopped pretty much to, to the values you told me unless I was adding like my systematic. Um, I think you were saying, like, you were going to question, like, your question, like, what is the, like, number of hours? I think there's still 3000. Um, Yeah, so this would be a good thing to check. Maybe is what noise level you're using, what beam you're using and what L range you're using. Yeah. Just because at some point, like if you're using noise and beam similar to plank, then it doesn't really make sense to have a plank tire because that would be kind of the information that you would expect to be giving out of this analysis, right? And so, um, So so that would be good to check. Yeah. My laptop's really hating this. Oh my god. Yeah, we can also start Shakespeare if it's... Yeah, yeah, I think I'm pretty much like frozen for me in mind. Oh, I was trying to get. Okay, um, hello? Yep. Yep. Sorry, yeah, like my screen's gone completely blue. so I'm not sure. It's here. Oh, sorry about that. This is everyone over. Wow. Do you run to X and Zoom and you can rejoin it if that would be helpful? If I'm able to, I will bear with me a 2nd. It's pretty much not in my control right now. Uh Hi, sorry, I've joined on an iPad. Maybe that will help my laptop. Okay, um, yeah, so I think I think that will be good to think about what's going on there a bit more. It might be, yeah, you either need a broader prior apps or more model capacity. I would have thought a 100,000 senses a last. Yeah, so similar. Um, yeah, I think, okay, um, then maybe maybe what also might be worth doing a bit more detail is like for myself to um, go back to like how the compressor's working and and see like, Like, maybe 1st you understand it, like, again, or read the papers on school compression again, because I understand conceptually what's going on. But make sure that's being like, like done well, sort of, or I don't know what the word would be, but, um, Yeah, I think in the paper I sent you, um, Because this massive optimal compression paper, um, they discussed the iterative algorithm, and if we're still having problems, maybe we can think about implementing that in the SDI pipeline. But yeah, I think maybe also the choice of prize that you've been discussing is perhaps also, yeah, like discussing prayer also should make sense. So I was gonna say a few things. So one is, um, You can get an idea of how the estimated error, uh, should be when the analysis is working properly in this fissure information, um, and that should be something that you can actually get from the compression code. Yeah, the impression code or already does this, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so this thing, like your error bars, right? And, um, on your parameters and even your converance for a for a Gaussian model is just related to the inverse of this matrix. Yeah. So I think plotting this thing on on your on your posteriors would be helpful. You can add it, by the way, you can add the prior in here as adding a fisher information. You can add proficient information from your prior, right? So you can add a fisher information of your prior here, like this. And that will, um, that will basically tell you what your posterior should be, uh, but plotting both. So yeah, firstly, plot what your your prior, like compared to your posterior, plot what your fisher information looks like and try to include the prayer. So this will tell you basically, you know, we're wicking this twain model case where we know lots of the truths. And so, um, That's helpful when you're demonstrating a method, right? Because we want to see how well it's working. And so, um, So this will help you understand whether the SDI is working as well as we think it should. And whether your contours are too white, too narrow, or they're the right size just a bit like unsmoothed and I think that might be informative. Okay, yeah, so if they're the right size but unsmooth, then I'm not sure what the fix to that is, but that would make sense rather than if they're like the wrong size as well. It might it might say we just need to treat the architecture of the network a bit more, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That makes sense. That makes a lot of sense. Okay, so that's one thing. Yeah. And yeah, I agree. I think it would be good to get this to work a little bit better. And, um, yeah, as I said earlier, chatting with David, he's worked a lot more with this recently than I have, so he might have some other pointers. So I think that would be, it would be useful to, Yeah, just send the plots over and see what he thinks, maybe before or after you've made this, I don't think it matters. Yeah, okay. So then I can say, so you were doing the splits and the pots look really nice. So it seems like in the strain an amplitude perimeter really quite finely, which is what I would expect. Also just, yeah, just so we've got it. It'd be good if you could send me the noise levels and the beam that you're using. Yep, yep, yep, yep. Just so, just so, that would also help guide the expectation of how much and your maximum L scale, so the range of modes that you're using. Um, that would also help guide uh, in deciding what your result should be. I can probably tell you that like in 10 minutes when the cool ends. Yeah, yeah, exactly. My laptop's now working now that I've stopped sharing my screen, I guess. I could probably tell you that right now. Yeah, so, uh, let it go. Um, Okay, if not, I can, I can tell you, I can tell you after, but, um, like, if I just told you like numbers, would you, would you understand them like relatively or like? Yeah, well, it depends on what you just got them in, but, um, yeah, like, so I would expect for something like bank, like your noise would be something in the like 20 to 30 microchoving up minute regime and a beam would be somewhere in the 5 to 10 5 minute regime. I think we're doing five, 5 of Ogmunds for the for the beam. Yeah, okay. Then the, where is it? Uh... Sure, I'm looking in the wrong place with the wrong number. Beamus, okay. It's, but yeah, the reason I'm, I've clicked on a different notebook and this is the one where I'm splitting the odds. It's like, but like, yeah, it'll, it'll help with trying to work out. Yeah, whether your contours look reasonable or not. Yeah. It looked from a brush festimate that the size wasn't too, too off. I would have expected, but there is also a prior in that. So yeah, anyway, the test breach we've discussed there would help with that, I think. We're looking at the fisher information of our compressor source in relation to the fisher information of our prior and seeing. Is that like roughly equal to the fish, like the, and you get the variants from the inverse of that, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. So I think there are a few different things that are useful. One is like what's the size of your, just your prayer, Compared to your posteriors. So like, are you learning information and plotting both of them on the same plot is helpful? Then there's the next question of, yeah, if you can compute the fisher information and provide it with your prior, for a Gaussian model, that should be, like, that should be basically exactly what your posterior volume should be. It doesn't tell you their location, of course, but it tells you like the size of your error bars. And so I think comparing that to what you're getting from the SBI will be helpful. So, you know, your inverse era, your error bar will be the inverse of this matrix. Yeah, okay. Um, And yeah, so, um, so this is squared. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so I think that will also tell you, like, are you learning things as you think you should be? So not only are you, but not only are hopefully your posterior is smaller than your prior, but also that they're shrinking in roughly the same amount. Yeah, okay. And then, um, Yep. And so, so, the beam and noise things, if your beam is around 5 minutes and your noise is somewhere in the, the maybe 25 to 30 microchaop middle rating. This is probably pretty similar to plank. So I would expect that your posteriors should only shrink by like a factor, square root 2 compared to your prior. Yeah. And if you're in that regime, I'd say just how big a broader prior. I think having a bit of a broader player in the off diagonal degeneracy directions might be helpful anyway. Um, Because, yeah, you're kind of only learning this really fine surface and that's sort of okay as your data comes from the private, it might help the model learn just if you have a slightly bigger subset things. Yeah, okay, yeah. Sorry. Um, That makes sense. That does make sense. Yep. Okay, I'm using the L range is like to 3000 and you're getting rid of the 1st two. I remember that like. So you're getting rid of the 1st few? 01 01, 1st two. Okay, yeah, 1st two. That sounds... Yeah, and then like, yeah, like I said, I've done that test now where I split by odd and even as well. So that, and that had much higher chaos. I remember that. Okay. Um, Yeah, um, Okay, yeah, so... I think I think the most useful test to do are probably, yeah, like having just different realizations of the noise. That's very realistic. Like that's a test that people do. People are also done splitting by IL and Lowell. So dividing your data set in, you know, L up to say, uh, maybe a 1000 Anella, 1000 onwards and comparing the parameters. That one would be more like the odd even, I guess, in the you'll get a lot of scatter. But that is a test that people have done. And maybe you can use it to tell the beam issues better. Um, so I think those are really 2 physically motivated tests, but odd even one is also, Yeah, I think that one's less, less practically useful, but I think if you've got it, you can, you can include it. The one that you were showing, um, On the amplitude, I thought was really interesting. And so what I was suggesting was that, um, So the way this test is currently, like people basically do this test on real data and the way they do it. So, you know, you make your 2 split data one and data two, right? Yeah. And so each one of these you can think of as having the signal plus some noise realization, right? And so what people typically do is they take the difference of these two. So data one minus data 2. And the idea is that if this is done correct, like if there's no systematics, right? The signal will cancel exactly. And you'll just be left with the noise one plus noise too. Um, And And so then you can compute the power spectrum of this, the power spectrum of this. And then the next step is you combine it with a Gaussian likelihood to assume that your power spectrum, which is, you know, a sum over alens. you can write, you know, your, I think we discussed this earlier, that your power spectrum is given by this constant, right? Yeah. The sum of the MOs at least very popular... Yeah. So if you assume that these maps, if these A's are Gaussian, which is true to a very good extent, you can compute but the conveyance matrix of this sigma thing is exactly. Maybe, uh, maybe this is something you can work out, but, uh, I'd expect the answer to have a form that looks, uh, like, like this, uh, and it will depend on 2 power structure, something like this. So maybe you can have a go, isn't it? And if you get stuck, just drop me an email and I can chat with you while I send you some notes about how you actually compute that if you're stuck. Yeah, this is super cool. Yeah. But I think your final is like 2 lines of derrivation and it's just useful to think about expectations for a random members. And then you combine this with a Gaussian likelihood, right? So I say that there's a high squared statistic, which is, uh, which is your just your C, uh, uh, inverse C, right? And so this gives you a statistic and then you can do your simulation-based calibration in exactly the same way you've been doing for SBI to get a distribution of what you expect this to be and, you know, simplicity, some case, square distribution. And then you can add in your amplitude offset, you know, so one of the one of the signals here has, you know, an multiplicative error, I guess, is what you've been doing, right? Yeah. Um, and you can ask what level of statistic would you detect with with this case web test? And so this is kind of the non-SBI analog, right? But you can see that some aspects of it are similar, like the simulation based calibration. You can also compute this as an analytical B value if you want it, but, um, So this is kind of like comparing, saying if we did it this way, what level of statistical systematic would be detected? I think it's a really interesting comparison in this toy model case where we can do both SBI and non-SBI to see what level of systematic can you do tech in the SBI case, right? Yeah, okay. One would hope that they're fairly similar, and if they are, that's a super interesting result, right? Like you've basically shown that you can translate test robustly into this other framework. Okay, that's really good. I think that's really interesting. I'm going to try work through the analytical case and like make sure I understand it. It's a simple calculation. So, um, yeah, just relies on the assumption that these these aids are Gaussian and... Okay. Wait. You're saying? Um... Hello? Siri? Yes, sorry. Yeah, I was just saying, so you're saying, and that assumption's pretty good. like up until a certain point, that that's... Yeah, yeah, that doesn't really accurate. Okay. Good. Cool. And then I can try do this using SBI as one and see like when I... Yeah. But see, you've already done the SBI test, right? Yes, if I understood correctly, you made 2 splits with this 1st that person, you didn't do the difference, but you did this start and then you put them in this pipeline of, you know, constraint, parameter constraints, and split one, whatever, the constraints and split two. What level of offset can I detect? And that was this, like, 10% or so, right? Yeah, that's exactly. since you've done the SBI version, what I'm suggesting here is to take your simulation and pipeline it and put it through this approach here. Um, which is like what someone would do in the non-SBI analysis of the CMP. Okay, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think this is really good, then I'll have a look at this and see, see how that like shifts. Because if I can get a number that comes out to be the same, like, I think this is your entire point, but like, I'm just kind of understanding now. That'd be really good. Yeah, I think it would be a really nice, like, it would show that, yeah, not only have you translated this test, but this test has similar power to the way people are doing it at the moment. And I think, you know, that, There, like, that's kind of the 2 aspects of a statistical test, right? You want it to be sort of unbiased, so, you know, you can detect When you detect something, you're really detecting something as you think, right? Like, and the other is you wanted to have the highest statistical power that it can. So, you know, not only are you getting that value, but you're getting ideally a smaller arabara as you can. And that's not always guaranteed because we're doing this compression, right? But it would be nice to see how this works out. Yeah, okay, definitely. I'll look into this, but I'll try and try and have a go. see how it goes. I think when you exit this meeting, if you will logged into Zoom, you will probably get an email with like this whiteboard attached or something. So, uh, so, uh, Anyway, the the outer thing steps will be there. Yeah. Cool. Yeah, that makes sense. I think the main other thing I wanted to discuss was my, like, writing up the report. Because I'm going to like America in about 2 weeks for like 3 or 4 days. So I want to try and get like most of it done before then and then I'll get back and I'll have like another 10 10 days to get the rest of it done. Um, But I like wanted to go over like kind of how, how, like, well, I've got like a rough plan, but like the plan is pretty much the same as what my project outline kind of was. Um, just for like a bit more detail into SBI and then obviously for each resort you go into a lot more detail and talk about, um, things in that way. And I was just wondering if you guys had any sort of advice or guidance on doing that. Yeah, um. Great. I'm trying to think. Sorry, it's been a few years since I actually read one of the master's reports. I think James supervised him one last year, but I haven't done it. I haven't done that part of it for a while. So, I think your report was pretty good, right? when we did before. And so this one will have to be more detail. Um, but, um, Yeah, maybe you could talk through quickly the structure that you had envisaged. I wrote a plan so I can... Okay, perfect. Just email it to me, perhaps. Yeah, okay. Can I add you to the... the late, the overly document that might work. Yeah, yeah, that's perfect. So, if you just use my email, which is William Dr. Coulter. Do you want to call? Yeah. Yeah. Uh, that should, should be the right. Yep, there's a plan, like, fight latex file here. Um, Actually formatted, so like is uh, JT's pretty good at that, but Um, I guess like 2 to sort of questions I had were like, obviously, the story is that you go from Gaussian to Lokka Volterra to, um, to the CMB results, but you also want to make sure that people are, like, sort of understand that, um, It's a, um, like it's an astrophysics project and that like you're doing your own work and et cetera, et cetera. So just with that in mind, like add a few questions on sort of how to structure things like, um, So you've got a plan dot text. Sorry, I'm just opening this up, right? Yeah, plan of things. The background and motivation, what is SBI? How does SBI work? What is the systematic error? And what are the NL tests? Yeah, so I think that's a perfect, like, there was all the key points that you would want to see in the background and in motivation. So I think that's fitting all of all of the key things. Outlining the method. So this is, again, really similar to how I structure my presentation, but I want to make sure the thing I did unlike is mine is like their first. And also from the papers I read, that's kind of how they do it. Like, they do a general method than the specific cases. I think that that was exactly what I was having in mind. So yeah, like, Um, I think this, this is, can I say we've been like, uh, you know, so there's a, I think kind of a nice advantage to your work in that like, uh, one of the key sort of bits that you've been developing is this methodological step which you can outline in section two, right? So people reading your report will very quickly get to the point which is like, this is the thing that you're doing this new, right? And so, I think the way you're structuring it is great, but you'll have this background which sets this stage, but then you get right into the meat of like what it is that you've introduced and I think having this big picture, so this SBI pipeline approach, you mean, you would have this diagram that you made before, right? Of, like, generating splits and comparing them right, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I think that sounds great. And yeah, so you want to describe the method that you're advocating and how it works. And so then comparison metrics is, yeah, you're going to discuss your KL divergence and I guess the idea of calibration. Yes, I keep between things. Yeah. So I think that's perfect, right? Like you want the section to basically outline how the method works in general. So that sounds great. I think this, this, this expert's the bit I'm not sure about, like, like, when we say SBI pipeline, I mean this whole thing of like, do the prior checks and then train your model and then do the posterior checks, you can do SPC in the list stuff, right? But I think that was more of a focus in the interim report and more of a focus like before, because I hadn't developed this method fully yet. And now I don't really know where like a good place to put any of that detail is if it's needed. Um, I think it's actually a good place to put that might be in the, in the introduction, background. And so it doesn't, mind you, and maybe James and David trip differently, but so please get their input, but like those kinds of things, um, You want to spend a little bit of time on it because it sets, you know, these are the tests that people do at the moment, right? When they're writing out an SBI pipeline. So I think you can describe them. You don't need to go into equation detail of them, right? But you can describe the things that these are testing and sort of say what they're not testing, right? So like, um, lots of those tests, for example, test the consistency of your pipeline, right? You know, applying it to these simulations tells you, is your pipeline correctly implemented? Yeah. It doesn't tell you anything really about when you apply it to the real tater. Like, is my real data, you know, consistent? have I written down the am I using the correct model to describe the data? Is there something listing from it, right? Um, So I would have a short, maybe even a subsection or something on like what a, what, I would describe that at that stage, perhaps. Okay, so that's kind of saying more like what tests do we currently have and what do they do and do not cover? Um, Because, like, there's 2 sorts of thoughts I have, which is that like, if you're in this niche, I guess, everyone kind of knows what SBI is. So me just rehashing what, like a regular SBI pipeline is, doesn't really help. And I don't want to go into a page of detail on SBI before I get to the point of what I've actually done. So it just felt like, and once I've already explained what I've done, it doesn't feel like there's a natural point to talk about it. So in my head, this is just like kind of decreasing importance in importance in terms of what I want to talk about. Like, it'd probably be better to like, if I only have X amount of pages to like spend it on more different resorts where like the method of, like, built is like kind of applicable, I guess. Yeah, I mostly agree. I think it is important to spell out what these tests are for 2 reasonable, because they're things that people do and you want to say like, you know, what people do and what's new, right? And so, um, in some sense, it always helps to clarify, like, this kind of paper, right? Like, you you want to clarify what things people are looking for and how your thing is different and and it almost sometimes helps to explain what your idea is by saying what it's not, right? You know? But I would agree that you, what is the page limit you have? It's 30 pages. 30 pages. So like, it's pretty big, but I mean, even the like interim report was 7 long and I didn't have like nearly as much to say then as I do now. Yeah, and I don't think they want you to hit 30 pages either. They kind of would want it to be like done before that. Um, yeah, I don't know. So I think what you definitely don't need to show is for each time you've said, you know, uh, just looking at the rest of it, you have your 2D Garcia, your, your, uh, lock of a terror model and you have the CMB applications, right? But I definitely think you don't want to show is that for each one of them, you know, you do these kind of tests that people are doing before, like your coverage tests and things, right? Like, so I think you want to explain that this is something that people do, what it tests, and say that you've done this, right? So maybe having it in this SBI pipelike detail section is fine where you describe it, that this is something you do. and that they, that all the analyses that you're going to discuss later past this test, right? Okay, sure. And so that sort of thing, um, If that makes sense. But then you don't need to show it. I would tell you don't need to show these things for each one of your models, right? Like, um, that's, uh, yeah. Okay, that can be pretty brief then, I guess, you can say these, this is like a posterior predictive check, and so on, and all of my models from that, from this point on was like past these regular checks. But this doesn't detect for these issues that we're going to talk about now, kind of thing. Yeah, but like maybe the thing is like, you know, having having almost like a bullet point list or like a small set of subsection saying like, you know, a posterior predictive check. What does it test for? You know, what is a test in a couple of sentences? What does it test for? You know, and you do that for each of the sort of tests that exists. So the celebrations, plus the repredictive tests, and say at the end, yeah, we do all of these to validate our pipeline before moving on to use our method, right? Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah. And then so then like the things that you're showing before is good. For the Trudy Gaussians, you can show the analytical results, right? Yes, as well. I think that's that's nice. And and and and in some sense, The format of this can mirror quite a bit what you did in your talk, right? So each section can be instead of introducing what the what the problem is in detail. Right? And then discussing the systematic that you introduce and showing how this method constrains that. Yes. Cool. That makes sense. Yeah, I think, I think, like, because I was, I was thinking about how do I plan this before I start writing it, but like it just felt like I was going back to the presentation structure quite a lot of the time. That is fine. I mean, they are different documents, but like, um, that doesn't mean that the style, like, like the content that you would put it in is obviously a bit different. You'll be a bit more technical, I think, in the report than you should be in a presentation, right? So, you know, you do want to define what the KL is and you do want, you know, you can make even like mathematical details of your models and analytic calculations, some of this. He sets of it, right? Which you wouldn't necessarily have in a presentation, I think. So the content will be different, but like the structure can be the same, right? People are going on the same journey through the presentation as they are through your through your paper. Yeah, makes sense. That makes sense. Yeah, okay. I think what I'm going to start doing is even if the structure is, I'm pretty much going to stick to pretty much this or get like everyone else's feedback on it as well. But I might start writing like odd sections here and there and like. Yes, definitely do. I mean, I think you like, I don't think things in the introduction section are going to change at all, right? So you can you can write all of that now. Or if you have a 8 hour plane journey, you provide all of that then kind of thing. Yeah, yeah, that's the plan. So, see, you do have to put references in this, right? And so that's something to make sure that you get. Yeah, I'm trying to appropriate practices to... The papers that I guess I would mention are like a few of James' ones that I read. Then like the school compression stuff that you talked about. Um, But I feel like most of the learning came from just like meetings with you guys. So. Yeah, but we didn't invent most of these ideas. or many of them at all. So, um, So I think, you know, it is good to have more broad papers. So like, James's papers probably do sites and then the papers, earlier papers on SDI and citing those. Sure. Like, there are some early papers like these Dalby papers, SBI in cosmology, but or also more generally. And so, uh, yeah, that would be good to include. Okay, I'll look for a few papers that can kind of back up the things I'm going to say, that'll be useful. Cool. And, uh, Yeah, I, I, I hope this doesn't come across the roadway, but, uh, as people increasingly use generative AI to help with these things, you should be really careful about references, uh, because it's not very good at references. And, um, it is a way that people will realize. I don't, I don't, I don't think, like, generator is good at writing. Like, at least, well, I think I wrote in a specific way that I've never found it able to copy. Um, so I'm very wary of that. So I will I'll care for that. Okay, just what I get. Yeah, no, I think I think it's good to say. But yeah, okay. Cool. So if I was gonna think, so from today, I'm gonna go away and look at the official information stuff that you said, compare the prizing posteriors, and I'll send like, I'll have a quick play around with that now. I'll send that 3 to you guys and James as well can give his input. Um, then I'll look at like working analytically through that, that method that you mentioned and then um, we can sort of go from there. Because I think once I get like the posteriors licking a bit better, then I'm pretty happy with like just changing one or 2 things to get more results and then sort of starting to write it down. Yeah, well, I also think if you get this analytic thing we just talked about, like that's a really complete story, right? You've proposed a method, you've demonstrated it in a few different cases. like a somewhat trivial case with a Galician, a very non-trivial case with a lock of a terror model and a like a natural case where people do these kinds of things already and you show hopefully that it's closer as efficient in these different regions. Like I think that's a really nice story. Cool, yeah, that'd be good. Cool. Yeah, I'll get to work on that then, that makes sense. There was one other thing I wanted to raise with you, but you, you're probably not interested, but I thought we were, we were told about this, so... And I think I'll make some really good progress on this, but, um, there is some potential funding for the projects to continue over the summer if we, if there's a possibility to reaching a pub, publishable estate, which uh, we should chat with James and David what they think. but I think I think that's possible with this project. But I think you already have an internship over the summer, is it? The thing is that that internship ends in August. So like if this is possible to start in August, I'd actually really love to do that. Um, Okay, um, I can, I can inquire, um, I think the plan, their plan was that it would start in July if I remember correctly. I can inquire. If it's possible to start in August, then I'd really love to do that. Like, I think that would be really cool. Um, Because I think I think maybe not immediately next year, but like in a few years I'd want to do a PhD. Um, so like this, this would be like a really useful and like I think I'm really interested. Like, I feel like I put a lot of work into this to see it through kind of thing. But, It does seem just reading this email, the, I wish I wish they'd like tell you about that like a little bit earlier. Yeah, um, Oh, I don't know. I think you probably should realistically still prioritize the attention, if that's what you've got to do in the near term. Like, I think these internships are like a very powerful way of getting getting into up. And so, like, that really makes sense. I'll send an email to James and David, and I'll also inquire about the possibility of a later start time. I think we have to move kind of quickly for this in that uh, That they won the nomination very Monday. Oh, sure. Okay. I'll inquire and we'll see how it goes. Okay, perfect. Great. Um, cool. Okay, I'll get to work on everything we've discussed then, and I'll send a few emails probably like probably tomorrow morning. Um, because I'll just, like, get it looking like a bit more easy to read. Like comparing parameters and parameters, et cetera. But, um, yeah. Okay, perfect. Great. I think, yeah, like we should discuss what James and David think, but yeah, I do think like this could be an interesting paper to write and that you've done a lot of work on it. And I, I, being impressed is coming up. Yeah. Yeah, I'm glad. I glad. That'd be really cool. I'd be interested, but yeah, be interesting to see what they say. Okay. Great. Cool. I'll get on with that and I'll let you know how it goes. I send an email if I have any issues. But yeah, sounds good. Great. Well, thank you for the time. Thank you for the cool. All right. Good to see you. care. Bye.