Hi. Hey, bud. Howdy. Hi there. How's it going? Thanks, yourself. Yeah, not too bad. Not too bad. Busy, really busy few days for me, actually. Um, but yeah. Cool. I can get started or wait for James. I think he just sent an email. Yeah, he said he'd be there. Okay. Um, yeah, so currently, I guess, main thing to talk about is the write-up. Um, I'm not entirely finished yet. I'm like very nearly done. Like, sort of the most difficult sections for me to write, I found, were like, the background and motivation sections at the start, because I was constantly having to, like, find references, actually read them and understand them. So to make sure they're saying the right thing. Um, but I think that's often the case, actually. You know, you know your results and the things you don't care about. Yeah, so like that section's all complete. I finished a section sort of describing our method and I've like started like writing like the background parts of like all the other models. So like a bit on the TDR scenes, a bit on the lock of Terra. Um, et cetera. Um, I think as from last week, we sort of realized that, like, well, I guess I've realized that what I've been doing was like slightly incorrect, um, from the discussion that we had with James, and I kind of wanted to talk about that one or 2 questions following on from that as well. But yeah, currently like, I'm just currently rerunning my code and getting the graphs and stuff again. But I can show you currently what I've got and because I have one or 2 questions that you can answer kind of on a call. And then hopefully, I think by latest Monday, I'll be finished and I can send the rest 3 to you. to get some comments. If you have some completed things, you could send it over. I won't have time tomorrow, but it's possible I make that time on Monday morning. Okay, sure. Anyway, I've got the opening. It's tier, of course. Yeah, I can, I can send the overleaf, like, uh, link to the project and you can probably add comments there if that's easiest. unless there's another way you'd prefer. No, that's probably the easiest thing, yeah. Yeah, okay. I'll share my screen and I would sort of start with a few questions on what I was talking about. Um, so we think it's this one. Oh no, sorry, not that one. Certainly this one. Okay, bye. Okay, so, I will make this bigger and talk about it. Oh, that's what it is going to do. Okay. All right, guys, sorry. Hi. No worries. Yeah, so I was just explaining, um, I'm, like, probably around 3 quarters done with my right up, um, just have, like, a little bit more to go. And yeah, the sections that were taking me the longest were sort of the background and motivation parts, defining all the references and kind of making sure that they're correct. But yeah, I need to just continue updating my results and like a few bits of code need to get run again to reflect the few changes. Um, But yeah, uh, to run you through the sort of structure, um, I've tried to explain as much as possible in these sections so that I don't have to like interrupt the results with with bits of working um, later. Um, but I've gone through what is SBI, sort of code a few papers, explaining what it does and explaining why some problems aren't like integrable, um, like an analytically, like the integrals are too, too, like, like, uh, intractable, um, and explain the SBI sort of offers the solutions. I've explained, like, a few different, like, very briefly explained a few SBI methods and noted that we're focusing on NPE. And explain, like, why and mention that that will become clearer later in the paper. Um, I've gone through kind of in a bullet point list, like, I've tried to generally stick to not writing long paragraphs and like splitting stuff up into bullet points where I can. But explaining how NP works on a very basic level. Um, minimizing like this loss function and I summarize that in a diagram. So I guess that's probably a little bit easier to follow as well. Um, Cool. Then moving on from there, I've spoken about existing like validation methods, like SBC, PPCs, and like, I've mentioned a few others, but generally the sort of, um, kind of punchline there was like, a lot of these tests are like assessing your convergence, but, um, not necessarily like identifying where the systematics exist or if your models like correctly specified. And that's like an area that we want to improve on. And that, like, kind of led me into talking about systematic errors. Um, and mainly I've explained it like with a quick analogy, but all of my examples here are like directly related to, um, uh, to, to like sort of, like, like cosmological systematics. Um, so I sort of explained, like, and this is constant throughout the CMB stuff that we do that we're using, the, um, our COs as our, as our summary statistics, and like how the, how these are observed with our beam window and our noise, and then does sort of background to kind of discuss the exact systematics that we're talking about in later sections. So because this background is given now, I don't have to stop and talk about it later on. Um, but explaining, like, you might have been with miscalibration, your actual signal gain, or this noise, noise, like a specification systematic as well. So maybe, maybe this is, like, based on where what we discussed, like, not the most relevant example, is they have that, the method you explain to sort of mitigate this. So I could get rid of this noise modeling example, but I included it for now because it corresponds to the code that I've done. Um, Then from there, I've spoken about, like, how classical null and consistency tests work. Um, kind of walk through those, going through a few like different types of data splits, explain what they test for. And like, to, from there, like, kind of summarized and said, we have these tests, these systematics in these tests, we have SBI, um, which has these issues with its validation methods, and we want to kind of find a validation method to social systematics. Um, Then from there, I've gone into explaining the KO divergence, uh, explained how we've adapted this idea of splitting data sets, to train to posteriors, and we expect them to be, uh, analytical, analytical, and, but, yeah, actually, kind of explain, explain that whole process. Um, explain the whole process there. And again, this is just sort of running through, a bit of this is similar to our explanation of MP, but I'm explaining we take our data sets, we split them in two, we train 2 separate posteriors, no systematics in the training data. And then we may or may not have a systematic in our unknown observe data. We compare that to our calibration. But again, just running through all of this explanation, I've included that diagram, and I've kind of generalized it a bit to explain that there's no systematics present. Um, explain the calibration process, uh, and then from there, we're getting into, like the actual examples from that, um, which is like I said, I need to get a little bit more of the prose written, but I've got like results and I'm putting that all up. That's just kind of what I'm going to be doing with the next two, 3 days. Um, I guess the 1st question I sort of had was, um, these diagrams, like these histograms that we that we plot, um, I've got like per toy model, um, Like, so for the TD Gaussians, we do 2 systematics, the weeks, for a lot of other terror, we do like 2 systematics. For the CMB case, I think we have like three. So in total, if I'm producing all these graphs, it's going to get really repaired really quickly. So, I was just gonna ask, like, How many of, like, the same sort of similar grass should I be including? Or, like, would it be worth cutting out one of the 2D Galiseian cases to keep, like, more of the CMV stuff? Or, um, I'm just, I was kind of curious really to take on that. You could combine some of them, right? Maybe maybe not the 1st one, but like... So here you've got 2 like, I guess this is the novel case, and then the next one is when you add it in. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, like you, maybe for the 1st case, you could put them as 2 subfurgus or something. or keep them separate. But then for later on, I don't know, the CMB case, or the Locker Volterra case, you could have just 2 lines, one is like that, and then one is like that, from the... static or something. Okay, yeah. That would work. And it could even have like 3 lines, like null case, systematic one, systematic 2 or something like that. Okay, yeah. I think that that, that, yeah, that, that will help. It's pretty much like, I think once I, if I included all the graphs of like what I have currently, I'd be at like 35 pages. Um, so I just wanted to, uh, check that before I, um, I mean, the plot does not have to take up the entire page either. No, no, no, no, no. of course not. It's like this is just because I've not finished writing that part. That's all. Okay. Uh, like, I, I, I, you can also make them smaller. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course, of course, of course. Okay, yeah, yeah. Yeah, sure. I just, I, like, even if I made them smaller or like made them together or whatever, I was just kind of conscious of not, like, having the exact same, like, 'cause even if it's a different, like, model or whatever, all of these histograms look pretty much the same, I didn't want it to get repetitive. I mean, how many is there any guidance on having like an appendix for this reports? Yes, they said my still counts towards the page can. They said you can have an appendix and like, I'm pretty sure it doesn't get mocked. That's the only thing. Yeah, I think if it's something that you think you probably should include, but maybe it might, as you say, you might worry a bit about the narrative, then you can always, you know, put extra plots of a similar kind just in an appendix, long as it doesn't inflate it too much as well, I guess. Yeah, it's good to strike me as economical with what you show, but even then if you're still kind of overflowing. That's usually a good way of sort of keeping things that you, you know, might need for justification, but you don't think it's that narratively important. Okay. Because I think... And there is some benefit of it being like, okay, repetitive is a bad wedding. Like, you don't want to be saying the same things and people reading the same, like, 3 pages over and over again. But like showing the same point in different scenarios is kind of like the point of the benefit in some sense. Okay, sure. I think it could be okay depending on how it's done, right? Sure. In some cases, it's almost a stylistic device, I think the same. Okay, sure. But yeah, you... You don't want to go. Yeah, if you've explained it in detail once, you know, with a few paragraphs, you can have a much more concise description later on, and I think, highlighting. Sure, okay. Two things in each part, if that makes sense. Because I feel as well, like, towards the, like, later sections, it will be very much like, this is a systematic. Um, here's a data realization. This is the sensitivity we found, and here's the histogram, right? There won't be too much extra I can really add on this. Like, for example, I'm comparing to like an analytic result, right? Um, So I was just conscious. there will also be some interpretation you could do on the size of the KL divergence. If I remember correctly, like it varies significantly in the different models, like in the 2D Gaussian, it was much larger, if I remember, than the CMB case that you're looking at. Is it the size? Yeah, the size of the perturbation itself or like relatively? Well, the sites... Or of the K of values. Yeah, or am I misremembering? Um, I guess, yeah, maybe. I guess I can. I never really, like myself in my head, compared between the two. So I can look into that and sort of, um, I can write a conclusion at the end about that as well, comparing as well. Like that's fine. Okay, there is some expectation of this, but you will be able to interpret, which is, like, if my two splits are very noisy relative to each other. So, like, I don't know, they're not very informative about the parameter of interest, you'll have a much larger KL divergence, I think, but if they're like 99.99% correlated or something, right? Okay, okay, yeah. Physically, stuff like that, yeah, okay, fine. Yeah, I can talk about you. And you get what I mean, right? Yeah, yeah, 100%. Under the null hypothesis, like, you know, you're like, they're not very correlated, so you're likely to get things like this. This would lead to larger KO divergence than if, under the null hypothesis, everything is really tightly correlated, such that, you know, what you expect is that Austria won, but the parameters looks like that, and Austria 2 looks, you know, like... like basically the same, right? And that should be reflected in the size of the KL. For example. Yep, yep, yep, yep. That makes sense. That definitely makes sense. I think one of the questions I had, and I don't think I definitely, I don't think I would have space to talk about this. Like, after what we discussed last week, so James, as, like, as James has said, the, the correct method should be no systematics in the training data at all. Some of the results I've gotten with are systematic in the training data. I think that sort of, like, what I'm trying to say is that proves the point of, um, if you don't, like, if you don't detect that systematic, it will pass all the PPC and all the regular like SPC checks, and you'd have no way of identifying it. Because we got that. I'm not sure I see that. Because my, like, so, maybe I'm misunderstanding, but, like, these tests are sort of assessing model conversions, right? And we had that, like, if I have my training data at, like, Like, if my, if all my training data had the simulation added, like, serious, the systematic added, right? And I know the systematic I'm adding, and I can reflect that in my, in my likelihood, and I can find the analytic solution based on like that systematic always being present. Um, and it converges and matches the analytic solution. The model has converged perfectly, but the systematic wasn't identified. But it kind of was identified, right? Like, you put it into your training data. Yeah. I really don't see that point. Okay, I'm just, I'm just, like, curious, if if those, like, results could have been used for something, I'm not sure I'm explaining myself, like, the best, well, maybe I'm just completely wrong, which is, which is, I think, no, no, no, no, it's fine. Look, again, to be clear, this is how we talk about this stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's important to I view it that if you train something with a systematic, you know, what you're trying to capture there is what is the actual true posterior underlying, assuming your training process is good, right? So it's a way to capture what the true posterior should have been, had you modeled your data properly and included the systematic. I don't think it tells you anything about how to use this in a general setting, because the point is you're never in a situation where you know it. All it's really telling you is how much should I expect my posterior to have shifted as a result of this systematic that I added? As you say, you could achieve that by either putting it in your likelihood and running some classical method, or using SBI. Both of those can give you access to that kind of ground truth with systematic. Okay. But I'm not sure I see the connection with, you know, that it kind of proves that if you did include it, I don't know. I'm not sure I see the follow-up argument. Um, yeah, I get what you're saying. You're... Okay, if I understood you correctly, you're essentially saying, like, if you're ever in the case with where you know the systematic and you put it in your training data, uh, then you essentially, like, all you're learning about is what the truth looks like when you have a systematic, nothing about, like, detecting whether systematic is kind of there or not sort of thing. right? Yeah, no, exactly. So it's not... I mean, it's so busy, in some ways it tells you the impact of your systematic on your parameters. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah, I guess the point I was trying to make a sort of like, not really like a results point or anything like that. Kind of just like something that feeds back into the motivation for actually doing this. Which is that, like, If we hadn't known the systematics there and we trained in this way, then, like, we, at no point would it have flagged up. is kind of the point I was trying to make because it does converge exactly as we'd expect, but that's maybe not, like, useful. I think at the extremely not. Sorry, go ahead, Will. No, no, no, no. I mean, continue your point. I was gonna say, is the framing in that situation not the fact that if I, you know, I have 2 splits of my day. They just said one, they said two. You say, I think there's a systematic and data set too. So I add it to my simulator. I don't add it in split one for some reason because you think it's not there, you know, whatever. I train, and then I can run this whole KL process on those 2 simulators, and if I've correctly identified the systematic, then when I do it on the observed data, I shouldn't detect anything, because I'm correctly, you know, accounted for all of the bits of modeling that I needed to for my data. Okay, yeah. I didn't quite follow what you were asking. It, like... I'm trying to just interpret how one would use that pair of trained networks, right? Yes, you will. Sorry. Uh... I mean, yeah, I think that, like, the test that you were kind of speaking about, Jay, I guess more what I would have in mind for that is that you could imagine using... This doesn't use your second train network, but more like using your 1st train network with, you know, mentioning just treating one split on its own, applying it to a data set. Applying it to the data set, and then applying it to a data set where you've added the systematic, um, and you would get a reasonable cosmology, you'd get a reasonable, you know, parameter, value, and a reasonable program to fit. But in this case, where you know the truth, you could see that it's biased. And That would be like, um, But I think what you're describing there when you... That would be the way of sort of showing that it's not passing the other tests, right? Like in that your pipeline is consistent and if you did a posterior predictive check, you'd get data that look like your data. Okay, you know, so it... Is that if that makes sense? Yeah. But I'm not sure, like, especially if space is going to be tight, that you need to show that. You've already described that in the introduction being like, this is the state of the art and the tests and what they test and this is what's missing. Okay, that... If you have space, you could include that. No, I think that's fine because I'd likely think I won't have space, but I just thought it was interesting to think about for a second, but that does make sense why that doesn't work. Um, the only other question I had was, like, uh, something on the lock of Ulterra model, like, Currently, what we did at, like, we added, like, different kinds of noise to either either split, right? Um, kind of representing the situation of having 2 different detectors that are looking at the same, um, like same, same populations, right? And at the end, we add like a systematic to our observed data, which is like, what if one of these prey populations was detected 5% higher kind of thing? Would it, would it now, in hindsight, make more sense to just add the same kind of noise and do sort of a similar thing to the 2D Gaussians. Or like your systematic could be the press on noise itself, right? So then, you train with, like, uh, Gaussian noise on on both, and then in your observed data, you add, you add the personal noise and say, with this, like, different, the fact this was recorded with a different detector, be detect, be, like, detected by my, my KL. I mean, that's a binary difference, I guess. There might be harder to have your threshold, but it could be an example of that type of case. Okay. Yeah, yeah. And like an extreme case, right? But, yeah. I think I could do, I can do, I can do both. I can do like, keep it just like Gaussian noise for both and then, um, do do the percentage increase and then like I can try a discrete test as well and that might be a different way to tip chick switch up. I just thought about that, like, while I was changing my code, and it didn't really make sense to have the different noise on different splits because that kind of strays away from the newer method. So, yeah, I was I wanted to just check that before writing it up, but if everyone agrees on that, that makes more sense to me as well. When you, when you go to the CMB examples, do you have something that mirrors that kind of noise test, having different noise models or, or, because I think one way to kind of think about it is all of these examples are sort of, you're throwing sort of pedagogical things that relate to the kinds of things you're looking at in the CMB. So if it's not something that you're looking at with the CMB example, then yeah, then I think it's maybe best to try and warp, how, whatever kinds of adversarial attack you make or lockable terror to look. Okay. More like... I think I think the lot of Cavoltera, like the way it relates to the CMB, like, tests will do is that in the beam miscalibration, uh, we look at both, um, high low multiples and we look at like the same sky, but observed differently. So it's kind of like the analogy of looking at different data splits and seeing how your sensitivity changes. Um, so the specific perturbation, like, uh, I think the most simple thing to do would probably be like the, the increase in percentage because there's no like analog of different, different detectors or different noise models. So I think that makes more sense. Yeah, no, I would be observing it with completely different instruments, but yeah. Different instruments, yeah. Yeah, I think whatever kind of makes more sense to you. I think the one thing about having the different noise models is that is quite nice because it's a bit, as you say, you're a bit worried about having the same thing, and that is quite a different. But if it doesn't necessarily relate to the physics examples, then maybe it's not so important. Yeah, it's kind of a judgment calling. I think either way you can sort of defend it and Sure, okay. Yeah. I'll look at both. But the main thing would be that in the training data has to be the same kind. It's just the observation that changes, 'cause I think that's something I need to change. But that makes sense. Cool. Yeah, like, you know, you do test people do, do you? Like, you know, we've observed it with a satellite and we've observed it from a ground instrument, and these are different instruments which will have different noise properties, different beams, and people want to know, are they seeing the same sky, right? Sure. Uh, and, and, and so there is physical analogs there. Even if the noise isn't quite as different as Gaussian and wine and plassant and the other, they'll typically both be Gaussian, but with different structures. Sure. Okay. I think, yeah, it's about writing a story that's like, you know, a narrative here that, um, Yeah, is it interesting but demonstrates your key point to the same thing, I think. Sure. Okay, that makes sense. Yeah, I think that's all the questions I had, like, kind of for now. Pretty much all I've got left to do is just write up these bits and I've got the results kind of ready as well. So, um, Yeah, I'm not sure unless you guys have any other questions. Yeah, as I... Yeah, go ahead. Oh, no. As I said at the beginning, I'm happy to have a look at if you share the opening if I can, and let me know, I'll just start reading whenever, whenever you're ready. Yeah, I'm happy to look. I was going to say, I think letting us know when you are, because I think in principle, we're supposed to provide kind of like, again, this is for a little bit of fair, that's not because I might doing it. But we're meant to kind of provide one set of full comments. Yep, okay. That's fine. So, uh, I was saying, I think I will be done by like Monday at the latest. Like the 1st few sections are pretty much complete, but yeah, the rest of it should be done by Monday. So I can send that over then, but whatever, yeah. I think I was, like, by one day I'll send an email and I should be, should be finished. So, um, but I'll share the over leafling now as well in case like it's easier for you to read it over the weekend kind of thing. Good stuff. Cool. Guys, I have to jump off and teach. I'm sorry about that. No worries. No worries. I squeeze it in there. That's okay. I'll speak to you guys soon, okay? Cheers. Thank you. Bye. Yeah, I think that was it, and I think I would have to go 2 minutes to another meeting. Okay, perfect. I guess the other thing that came up, I guess you heard back about the nursery. Yes, unfortunately, yeah. Yeah, sorry that didn't work out. Yeah. Do you think it's worth me like sending an email, asking for like a feedback or a reason or? Um... You can do it. My understanding would probably be, I am not sure it would be very helpful feedback. is my expectation. I think with these things, there's a lot of randomness and it probably just happened to be whosever's on the committee who... Yeah. Yeah, okay. I always feel like starting a month, me me having to start a month late was pretty a point against me. Um, as well. But it is what it is. Yeah, it can be little things like that as well, but I guess they probably the reason would... Yeah, you generally find when youoscraphe back on applications. It's, uh, yeah. Yeah, often it's more, it's more just, it's quite generic usually feedback, right? I think it's, yeah. Sure. I mean, okay, I might send an email anyway, but just to see, but yeah, okay, that makes sense. Yeah, just that. Yeah. Cool. Yeah, I think it's, I mean, it's still looking like we can sort of getting to some good stage with this. So, you know, we'll see how best we can continue, I guess. Yeah, perfect. Thinking about that, it might be good if you get some time and like there's no urgency for this at all. But like thinking about having your code in like a board that's like well commented and written up, and then maybe like we can try and finish something appropriate somehow. Yeah. Make sure you hit that anyway. Sure. But, yeah. Yeah, I will start doing that as well. Like, probably after my... maybe, yeah, I was gonna say, after, I think. Yeah, yeah, yeah, right. You should prioritize, yeah, writing a report and doing your exams and things. Yeah. Great. Okay, great. Fantastic. All right. Well, I'll be in touch. I'll send you a evening now and I'll like message you in when I'm probably like finished on Monday. But yeah, I'll see you guys soon. Apart from that. Okay, great. Great. Thanks for coming. And a good weekend. You too, guys. Cheers. Take care. Bye.